In this page
Overview
Invoking Zia Insights from Search
Invoking Zia Insights from Alerts
Invoking Zia Insights from Incidents
Overview
Zia Insights is an AI-powered capability that delivers contextual security insights by analyzing logs, alerts, and incidents. These insights help interpret security activity, identify impacted entities, map observed behavior to the MITRE ATT&CK® framework, and determine recommended response actions.
This page explains how to invoke Zia Insights from the Search, Alerts, and Incidents modules of ManageEngine Log360 Cloud.
Invoking Zia Insights from Search
Log in to the product console.
Go to the
Search
tab.
Perform a search query using either the basic or advanced mode.
NOTE
Refer to this
video
to learn how to perform log searches.
In the search results, hover over a specific log entry.
Click on the
icon on the top-right corner of the log entry to view insights generated by Zia.
Figure 1: Invoking Zia Insights from Search
Insights provided by Zia Insights for Search
Zia will process the selected log and display contextual insights, including a summary, associated MITRE ATT&CK® techniques (if applicable), and suggested mitigation steps.
Figure 2: Zia Insights generated for the selected log
Invoking Zia Insights from Alerts
In the product console, go to the
Alerts
tab and select Alerts.
NOTE
Use the Select view dropdown to filter alerts. Select from Critical Alerts, Trouble Alerts, or Attention Alerts. You can also use the default All Alerts view or add a custom view using Add Custom View.
Select an alert from the list.
Click on the
icon displayed at the top-right corner to generate Zia Insights.
NOTE
If both Insights and Investigation Agent are enabled, the
icon will be shown. When triggered, Insights will be generated first, followed by the Investigation results.
Figure 3: Invoking Zia Insights from Alerts
Insights provided by Zia for Alerts
For alerts, Zia Insights provides contextual summary, attack timeline, relevant MITRE ATT&CK® techniques (if applicable), and mitigation steps based on the alert data.
Figure 4: Zia Insights generated for Alerts
Invoking Zia Insights from Incidents
In the product console, go to the
Alerts
tab and select Incident.
NOTE
Use the Select view dropdown to filter incidents. Select from All Incidents, Active Incidents, Critical Incidents, or create a new one using Add Custom View.
Select an incident from the list.
Click on the
icon to generate insights.
Figure 5: Invoking Zia Insights from Incidents
Insights provided by Zia for Incidents
When invoked from the Incident console, Zia Insights provides details on involved actors, a chronological evidence timeline, evidence summary, and relevant MITRE ATT&CK® techniques based on the incident data.
Figure 6: Zia Insights generated for Incidents
Read also
This document explained how to access Zia Insights from Search, Alerts, and Incidents within ManageEngine Log360 Cloud to generate AI-powered security insights. For a comprehensive overview of Zia Insights and instructions on how to leverage its capabilities effectively, refer to the following articles:
Using Zia Insights
Setting up Zia Insights