In this page
How to save search?
How to export search?
Enhancements
Log360 drills down to the raw logs when retrieving results for your search query. The results can be saved, or used to create report and alert profiles.
How to save search?
Go to the
Search tab
and enter the search criteria as required (see
how to search
).
Click
Search
for the results.
You can save the search criteria as search, reports, alerts, or rules.
To save as search, click
Save Search
. Enter a name without space. Click
Save
.
To save as report, click
Save as Report
. Enter
Report name
and click
Add
(see
create reports
).
To save as an alert, click
Save as Alert
. In the window that opens, click
Save
(see
Create alert profile
).
How to export search?
Go to
Search
and enter the search criteria.
Click
Search
.
Click
Export as
on the top-right corner. Select the format.
View
the report export history
by clicking on the icon, which can then be downloaded if required.
Enhancements
Edit graph:
After clicking on
Edit Widget
, you can choose
Graph Type, Chart Type
, and
Graph Color
, and the changes will be reflected accordingly.
Graph drill down:
To drill down to a specific time range, simply click on a point on the graph. When you do this, the calendar will automatically adjust to display the corresponding time period. Both the table and the graph will also dynamically update to reflect the selected time range.
Graph selection:
When you choose a specific section of the graph by dragging the cursor, the table will automatically adjust to show data within that time range, and the graph will be highlighted according to its chart type. You'll also notice an option to clear the selection becomes available. It's important to note that in this case, the chosen time range will not be updated in the calendar.
As you drag your cursor over a specific area of the graph, that portion will be highlighted, and the logs within that time range will be displayed.
How to use Saved Search
After your search parameters have been successfully saved, if you ever need to reuse the same parameters for a future search, simply follow these steps:
Click on
More
to reveal a drop-down menu.
Select
Saved Search
.
Pick the saved search containing the desired parameters.
If you require an exact time range, you can utilize the
Select query with date
option.
Note
Under
Saved Search
, a maximum of 20 searches can be saved.
Search History:
Search requests will be saved in your browser's local storage and displayed as a
Search History
list. This list can contain up to 50 entries. When the limit is reached, older entries will be deleted to accommodate new ones. If you perform a search with the same criteria as an existing entry in the search history, the new query will replace the previous one.
Share search:
You can share saved searches with other technicians within your organization. When you share a saved search, all the associated data will be accessible to the shared user.
To share a search with other technicians, select the
Saved Search
option from the
More
dropdown menu and then click
Share
.
Note
When a search is shared to a role, they won't have the ability to delete the shared search. The same applies for the guest users too.
After clicking the
Share
option, you can select technicians to notify via email by toggling the
Notify recipients via mail
button.
Alternatively, you can also click on
Choose
, which will redirect you to the following page where all the technician names along with their role can be seen.
After sharing a search, you can modify the list of technicians or withdraw the shared search from selected technicians. To make changes, select the
Edit Share
button. To remove all technicians, use the
Revoke
button.