In this page
Overview
Steps to access the product
Overview
Once ManageEngine Log360 application is up and running, access the console using any supported web browser. Log360 provides a unified platform for centralized log management, real-time threat detection, automated incident response, and comprehensive compliance reporting. It enables security teams to monitor, analyze, and act on security events efficiently. Log360 supports multiple authentication options, including Local Authentication, Active Directory, and RADIUS.
Steps to access the product
Once the application has started, follow the steps below to access the product console.
Open a
supported web browser
and enter the following URL: http://<devicename>:8095
Note
The <devicename> can be the hostname/ IP address/ Fully Qualified Domain Name (FQDM)/ DNS name of the machine in which the product is running, and 8095 is the
default http web server port
You can also open the product console from the product shortcut available on the desktop.
Note
When accessing the product's user interface from a remote device, ensure that the web port is permitted in the firewall bidirectionally between the server and the remote device. It is recommended to configure
Allow/Restrict IP settings
to control access for specific hosts and apply advanced firewall rules to permit traffic from designated IP addresses over the web port. The default port can be modified in
Connection Settings
.
Log in to the product console by entering the credentials
Note
If you are logging in to the product console for the first time, use the default credentials: Username: admin and Password: admin.
For users added as
technicians
through Active Directory or RADIUS authentication, select the corresponding option in the
Log on to
field:
Note
The product console supports two external authentication methods in addition to Local Authentication. These options allow users to log in using credentials from external systems like Active Directory or RADIUS.
Local Authentication - If the user exists in the local product database.
RADIUS Authentication - If the user exists in a RADIUS server and dummy user entries are available in the local server user database.
Domain Name(s) - User details imported from Active Directory.
Select the checkbox next to
Keep me signed
in to stay logged in and avoid entering your credentials each time you access the site.
NOTE
This option remembers your login session. Enable it only on trusted devices to maintain security.
Click
Login
to connect to the product console.
Click the
Forgot your Password?
if you are unable to remember your login credentials. Refer to
this page
to reset your password.
Figure 1: Accessing the product console
Read also:
This page explained how to access the Log360 product console and log in using local or external authentication options.