Overview
Demo
Pricing
Support
Sign Up
Login
Help Document
Overview
Setting up
Account setup
Starting Log360 Cloud
Supported log sources
Adding Syslog devices
Subscription
Prerequisites
Service Level Agreement (SLA)
Amazon Web Services (AWS)
Microsoft 365 Auto Configuration
Microsoft 365 Manual Configuration
Dashboard
Reports
Available Reports
Manage Predefined Reports
Manage Report Views
Custom Reports
Types of Report Views
Report Exporting
Schedule exports
Other report options
LDAP events
Advanced Active Directory reports
User Work Hours
Account lockout analyzer
Compliance Reports
Search
Search
Search tool
Save searches
Share searches
Export searches
Add or remove fields from the search results
Tagging tool
Cloud correlation
Understanding correlation
Generating correlation reports
Managing correlation rules
UEBA
Overview
What is UEBA
Architecture
Training phase of the Anomaly models
Data sources
Anomaly rules of UEBA
List of anomaly rules
Working with anomaly rules - view, manage and customize rules
Investigating anomalies
Dashboards
Adding users and entities to watchlists
Anomaly reports and alerts
Zia Insights
Overview
Using Zia Insights
Setting up Zia Insights
Invoking Zia Insights
Alerts
Creating alert profiles
View log alerts
Ticketing tool configuration
Manage profiles
Threat investigation
Incident Workbench
Overview
Access
User analytics
Process Analytics
Advanced Threat Analytics
Incident building
Device summary
Incident management
Incident management
Configuration settings
Devices
Applications
Overview
SQL Server
Oracle Server
Terminal Server
Syslog Application
Sysmon Application
Password Manager Pro
ITOM Solution
Exchange Reporter Plus
AD Audit Plus
Print Server
Malwarebytes
FireEye
Symantec Endpoint Protection
Symantec DLP
CEF Format
McAfee
Trend Micro
Manage Cloud Sources
Vulnerability data
vCenter
Threat management solutions
Threat Source
File Monitoring
File Integrity Monitoring
EMC Isilon
Synology NAS
EMC Server
Windows File Cluster
NetApp Server
QNAP NAS
Import log data
Admin settings
Manage Agents
Agent Settings
Log Source Groups
User management
Accounts Management
Configuring object level auditing
Configuring audit policies
Configuring Windows member server audit policies
Technician audit
Advanced Threat Analytics
Bulk actions for Agents
Privacy settings
Notification settings
Notification Templates
Working Hour Settings
Reload Archive Logs
My account settings
Product settings
Log Collection Filter
Custom log parsing
License
Storage Tiers
Overview
Configuring Storage Tiers
Managing Storage Tiers
Using Stats Analysis
Cloud Storage Estimator
Listener ports
Log forwarding
Developer space
Custom Widgets
Extension Profile Generation
Extension Builder
Marketplace
Installing Extensions
Compliance Extensions
Nginx
Veeam
MariaDB
Okta
Dropbox
MikroTik
MongoDB
Topsec
Sangfor
Ticketing tool integration
Jira Service Desk
ServiceDesk Plus
Zendesk
Cloud protection
Cloud Protection in Log360 Cloud
Gateway Cluster
Gateway Server
Prerequisites for Gateway Server configuration
Installing Gateway Server
Endpoint Configuration
Certificate Authority Configuration
Manage Certificate Trust Store
Two-way SSL Support
Manage Banned Applications
Manage Sanctioned Applications
Gateway Server Failover
Application Insight
User Access Insight
Cloud Access Reports
CASB application reports
Shadow Cloud Application Reports
Reports on Banned Cloud Applications
File Upload Reports
Threat Analytics in Cloud Protection
Regenerate Access Key
Troubleshooting gateway server errors
API Support
Teams
Overview
Managing Teams
MSSP Edition
Introduction
MSSP Account Setup
Dashboard
Manage Customers
Evaluation Customers
Customer Portal
Portal User Management
Customer Portal MFA
Centralized Technician audit
My Account Settings
Technician Management
License
Troubleshooting
Overview
WMI-based errors
Encryption at Rest (EAR)
Contact us
Related Products
Log360
Comprehensive SIEM and UEBA
Download
|
Demo
AD360
Integrated Identity & Access Management
Download
|
Demo
ADManager Plus
Active Directory Management & Reporting
Download
|
Demo
ADAudit Plus
Real-time Active Directory Auditing and UBA
Download
|
Demo
ADSelfService Plus
Self-Service Password Management
Download
|
Demo
EventLog Analyzer
Real-time Log Analysis & Reporting
Download
|
Demo
Exchange Reporter Plus
Exchange Server Auditing & Reporting
Download
|
Demo
Log360 Cloud
Configuration settings
File Monitoring
Synology NAS
Synology NAS file monitoring
Synology NAS serves as a network storage device, providing centralized file storage, data backup, and media server functions. It offers remote access, app support, and robust data security, catering to both home and business needs. Integrating Synology with Log360 Cloud extends functionality, offering enhanced security through real-time tracking and facilitating regulatory compliance with comprehensive monitoring.
Supported DSM versions
DSM 5.0 and above
Audited events
Log360 Cloud audits these file activities:
Create
Read
Rename
Write
Delete
Permission changes
Note
: Files Copy-N-Pasted reports will only be available for events triggered through the Copy-Paste action in Synology File Station.
Prerequisites
Ensure the SSH service is activated on your system to enable secure communication.
Enable the SMB service, Windows network discovery, and log transfer in Synology NAS by applying it in Synology NAS. This ensures seamless data sharing and uninterrupted log flow for analysis and reporting.
Install the Log Center package to facilitate log management if the log sending section is not available..
Select specific log categories and priorities for transfer to the syslog server. Avoid selecting System and Connection logs, as they won't appear in reports and may inflate cloud storage usage.
To enable the transfer of the File Station Logs, go to
File Station > Settings > General
and select
Enable File Station Log
.
Required privileges
The user needs to belong to the administrators group to access the necessary settings and configure auto log forwarding effectively.
Configuring Synology NAS in Log360 Cloud
Follow these steps to configure Synology NAS in Log360 Cloud:
Navigate to
Settings > Configuration > File Integrity Monitoring > Synology NAS
.
Enter the name of the Synology server, along with the correct credentials and SSH port number. Select an appropriate agent.
Verify the entered credentials.
Configure Syslog forwarding settings to select the syslog port and protocol for log forwarding. Note that the default port and protocol values of the selected agent will be used by default.
Browse and select the specific files and folders you want to monitor. Alternatively, you can manually enter the location of the files/folders.
Use the Filter to:
Include/exclude file types.
Exclude sub-locations within the main location.
Exclude all sub-locations within the main location.
Click Configure to initiate the configuration process.
Note
: Auto log forwarding is enabled by default during the device configuration process.
In the event of a log forwarding configuration failure, please review troubleshooting tips. Utilize the
Configure
button displayed below to set up log forwarding.
Ensure that the port, protocol, and agent selected are correct, then click
Configure
to enable automatic log forwarding.
Note
: Changing the agent here will impact the device configuration.
Manual log forwarding configuration:
Follow these steps to configure log forwarding manually:
Open the
Log Center
and navigate to
Log Sending
. If Log Sending is not available, proceed to install the Log Center package from the Package Center.
Select
Send logs to a syslog server
.
Provide the name of the target server (referring to the IP address of Log360 Cloud Agent) and the syslog port number that Log360 Cloud Agent is listening to.
Set the log format to IETF (RFC 5424).
Click
Apply
.
Note:
For Log Filters, choose the desired category and priority of logs you want to send to the syslog server. Avoid selecting System and Connection logs to prevent them from affecting reports and increasing cloud storage usage.
Make sure to enable transfer logs for the chosen services.
Troubleshooting
Credentials verification:
Error message:
Connection to <server name> failed due to incorrect server name or port values.
Solution:
This error may arise when the server name does not resolve to the server's IP address. To resolve this issue, ensure that a ping to the Synology server using its server name resolves to the correct IP address. If not, consider appending the DNS suffix in the Advanced TCP/IP settings or adding a host record in the DNS server, mapping the name to the Synology server's IP address. If there is still difficulty pinging the server, verify the internet connection.
Additionally, confirm that the SSH port used for configuration matches the SSH port enabled on the Synology server. Check and adjust this setting in Control Panel > Terminal & SNMP > Terminal > Port.
Browsing location:
Error message
: Connection failed due to Error code: 5 - Access is denied. Please check your settings or contact admin.
Solution:
This error may arise due to incorrect credentials or insufficient read access to the specified location. To address this, provide credentials with appropriate privileges.
Autolog forwarding failure
Error message:
Auto log forwarding configuration for <server_name> failed.
Solution:
Ensure proper credentials with sudo access.
Verify the installation of the log center package on the Synology server.
Proceed to configure log forwarding using the 'configure' button for automated setup or choose manual configuration if preferred.
Error message
: Auto log forwarding configuration for <server_name> has failed because port <port>/<protocol> is not available in the selected agent.
Solution:
Check whether the port is enabled and listening on the selected agent.
If the port is not enabled, activate it in the 'Listener Ports' section. Select the
Configure
button in the Synology tab to set up log forwarding. Verify that the chosen port, protocol, and agent are correct.
Click
Configure
to enable automatic log forwarding.
If the port is not listening, it may be in use by another service. In such cases, stop the conflicting service using the port.
Choose an enabled port that is listening on the selected agent and click
Configure
for log forwarding.
Error message:
Auto log forwarding configuration for <server_name> has failed due to the unavailability of a port in the selected agent.
Solution:
Ensure that any configured ports for the selected agent are enabled, and attempt to configure log forwarding using the same ports for the Synology device.
Verify if any port is actively listening in the selected agent, and endeavor to configure log forwarding using the identified port for the Synology device.
If needed, create and configure a new port for the selected agent, and then attempt to configure log forwarding using the newly assigned port for the Synology device.
Unable to check if the locations exist
Error Message:
Unable to check if the locations exist due to Invalid Credentials
Solution:
This error can occur when invalid credentials have been updated.To resolve this issue:
Provide credentials with appropriate privileges
Error Message:
Unable to check if the locations exist due to Server being unreachable
Solution:
This error can occur when invalid credentials have been updated.To resolve this issue:
Ensure that a ping to the Synology server using its server name resolves to the correct IP address.If necessary, consider appending the DNS suffix in the Advanced TCP/IP settings or adding a host record in the DNS server to map the name to the Synology server's IP address.
If pinging the server still presents difficulties, verify the internet connection. Additionally, confirm that the SSH port used for configuration matches the SSH port enabled on the Synology server. You can check and adjust this setting in Control Panel > Terminal & SNMP > Terminal > Port.
Logs not monitored
If the device status displays
Logs are not being monitored [Configure]
after successful configuration and log collection, it could indicate scenarios where a different user from another organization has configured the Synology server, or the Syslog forwarding IP has been manually changed in the Synology server.
Solution
: Utilize the
Configure
button to set up log forwarding again.
Note
: Synology server can forward logs to only one device at a time.
No data received
When encountering the issue of not receiving any data, please follow the steps below to diagnose and address the problem:
Step 1: Verify Synology server syslog configuration
Go to the Synology server settings: Log Center > Log Sending.
Ensure that the syslog configuration settings are correctly configured.
Step 2: Confirm log forwarding
Install
the ManageEngine free syslog forwarder tool.
Stop the ManageEngine Log360Cloud Agent service.
In the syslog forwarder tool:
Add the IP address of the Synology server.
Specify the syslog port (typically 514) to which the Synology server forwards logs.
Click
Start
to initiate the reception of syslog data.
Step 3: Check for data reception
If no data appears:
Recheck the syslog configuration on the Synology server.
Verify the accessibility of the Synology server from the agent.
If the issue persists, reach out to our support team at support@log360cloud.com for further assistance.
© 2025 Zoho Corporation Pvt. Ltd. All rights reserved.