EventLog Analyzer analyses data from vulnerability scanners and provides insights to help
identify vulnerabilities within the network. For this you need to export data from the
respective vulnerability scanners and then import it to EventLog Analyzer. You can export
the data by following the steps below
Select a scan under Scans Tab.
In the upper-right corner, click Export
From the drop-down box, select Nessus.
Adding vulnerability scanners to EventLog Analyzer
To monitor vulnerability scanner data in EventLog Analyzer, you need to import the
corresponding log data to the EventLog Analyzer server. You can import log data by
navigating to Settings > Vulnerability Data Analysis > Import.
Enter the vulnerability scanner's name.
Choose the vulnerability scanner's application type.
Specify the location of the log file which has to be imported.
Click on Import.
Reports on Nessus vulnerability data
The information on potential vulnerabilities in a network including credential failures,
elevated privilege failures, registry access failures gathered from Nessus are provided as
reports. The information in the reports is also presented in the graphical format for
improved insights.
Available reports:
GHOST in Linux - This report lists any detected instance of the GHOST vulnerability in
Linux.
Shellshock Report - This report contains information on the detected instances of the
Shellshock privilege escalation vulnerability in Linux systems in your network.
Admin Discovery Report - An overview of all the admin accounts in a network will be
available in this report.
Top exploitable vulnerabilities - An overview of the vulnerabilities in your network
that are most prone to attacks will be available here.
Credential failures report - An account of all instances of credential failures in your
network will be displayed here.
Elevated privilege failures report - Failed attempts at privilege escalation will be
displayed here.
Registry access failures - Failed attempts at accessing the Windows Registry will be
recorded here.
Patch report - A report of all the patches applied in the device will be displayed.
Overall Nessus report - An overview of events in Nessus vulnerabilty scanners in your
network will be available here.
Ensuring Compliance to regulatory mandates:
EventLog Analyzer helps in complying with regulatory mandates such as the GDPR, PCI DSS and
NIST. These regulations mandate that critical events in devices and applications that could
potentially lead to a data breach need to be monitored. If any indication of a breach is
detected, remediating action has to be taken to mitigate this risk. Information from
vulnerability scanners like Nessus form a critical part of the data that needs to be
monitored.
For instance, the risk assessment (ID.RA) section of NIST compliance that states,
"The organization understands the cybersecurity risk to organizational operations
(including mission, functions, image, or reputation), organizational assets, and
individuals. Threat and vulnerability information is received from information sharing
forums and sources."
The data from vulnerability scanners that can be used to ensure compliance to regulations are
also categorized according to the device types, in EventLog Analyzer. The solution
categorizes the reports as follows based on the devices' data that Nessus analyzes.
Windows devices
Unix devices
Databases
Cisco IOS
Huawei
Unix file contents
IBM iSeries
SonicWall, SonicOS
Citrix XenServer
VMware, nessus, and vSphere infrastructure
Once the Nessus vulnerability scanner is added, this data from Nessus can be manually
imported into EventLog Analyzer or automated imports can be scheduled. This data is then
collated into comprehensive reports to comply with PCI DSS requirements.
Denial of remote access software
Denial of insecure communication
Handling false positives