In this page
User Risk analysis
User Activity Overview
User Details
The user analytics data in
Incident Workbench
incorporates UEBA from the Log360 suite. It's necessary to purchase UEBA to get behaviour analytics and risk score trends of users.
Please refer to the Incident Workbench
Overview page
to learn about the feature, and check the
Access
page to learn how to invoke Incident Workbench from different dashboards of the product.
To get user analytics, you can click on any of the following fields that uniquely identify a user:
Username
Target User
VPN UserName
User Principal Name
Destination User
Sourceuser
Subject Username
The following data will be available in the user analytics section of the Incident Workbench:
User Risk analysis
View the user's Risk Score Trend, Peak Risk Score and the Cards Based Peak Risk Score for possible insider threat and data exfiltration activities. Click on the Calendar icon and set the required period.
Here are the possible messages that will be displayed in the User Risk Analysis section and the causes
Case 1: UEBA not purchased
Case 2: Baseline creation is in progress as the model is training
Case 3: The particular user has no anomalies
User Activity Overview
Note:
The User Activity Overview section in the Incident Workbench does not require UEBA integration.
The User Activity Overview contains the following widgets:
User Account Management
Tracks create, modify, and delete actions related to the user account.
Device Severity Events
Consolidates the device severity events for the devices accessed by the user
Active Sessions Overview
Shows the list of active sessions on different devices and their duration
Software Installations and Updates
List of softwares installed, uninstalled and updated by the user during the selected period
Top 5 File Integrity Monitoring Events
Tracks events related to file creation, deletion, modification and access.
Process Tracking
Tracks process creation and termination activities
User Details
Note
The User Details section in the Incident Workbench doesn't require UEBA integration.
This sections fetches the Active Directory object details such as:
User Details
Contact Details
Terminal Server Details
Account Details and
Object Details
Note:
Minimize the tab to access the Incident Workbench while you traverse through different pages in the product. As long as you don't close the workbench, the analysis will be available even if you log out of the product and login again. You can also
save it to an existing incident
or create a new one.