In this page
Overview
Steps to install Rules from the Rule Library
Overview
This page details how rules can be installed from the
Rule Library
. The rules can be installed automatically as ManageEngine releases new rules to the cloud repository, or they can be browsed and installed manually. The below segment outlines the steps to install rules.
Steps to install Rules from the Rule Library
In your account, navigate to the
Security
tab to access the
Security Analytics
dashboard.
Click
Manage Rule
in the top-right corner.
Figure 1: Navigating to the Rule Library
In the
Manage Rules
page, click
Rule Library
.
Figure 2: Navigating to the Rule Library
Select a category from the left panel to view its rules.
Available Rules
tab: Displays rules that are available in the central repository but not yet installed.
Installed Rules
tab: Displays already installed rules in your environment.
Figure 3: Selecting Rule Library categories
In the
Available Rules
tab, click the
icon to apply filters for rules. The filter works based on different criteria as outlined:
All Rules:
Displays all rules.
New Rules:
Recently added rules.
High Computational:
Resource-intensive rules, such as:
Threshold Logic:
Triggers alerts only when an event crosses a defined limit.
Anomaly Models:
Detects deviations from normal behavior patterns.
Multi-action Logic
:
Correlates two or more events
Figure 4: Applying filters in the Available Rules tab
Click
Clear Filters
to remove all applied filters.
Figure 5: Removing applied filters
Click the
icon in the top-right corner to customize the rule table view. Select the checkbox next to the fields to add or remove them, and then click
Apply
.
Figure 6: Customizing columns in the Available Rules tab
Click the
icon to access
Advanced Search
and locate rules by severity, rule type, MITRE tags, tags, or rule name.
To close the search, click the
icon again.
Figure 7: Using Advanced Search
Select the checkbox next to the rules you want to install from the Available Rules tab, then click
Install
.
Figure 8: Installing rules from the Available Rules tab
NOTE
You can install multiple rules at once. Some rules require additional configuration during installation.
If you install such a rule individually, a popup will prompt you to either complete the additional configuration and install the rule, or skip it and have the rule installed in a disabled state.
If the same rule is installed as part of a bulk installation, it will be assumed that you chose to skip the configuration, and the rule will be installed in a disabled state.
You can enable these rules later from the Manage Rule page after completing the necessary configurations.
In the
Installed Rules
tab, select the
icon to apply the filters for rules, such as
New Rules, High Computational,
and
Deprecated rules
.
NOTE
Deprecated rules are rules that we no longer recommend for installation as they have been replaced, improved, or consolidated. If you have installed these rules, then they appear only in the Installed Rules tab.
Figure 9: Applying filters in the Installed Rules tab
Click the
icon to customize the table view. Select the checkboxes next to the fields you want to display, such as
Rule Type, Installed Time, Last Modified Time,
and then click
Apply
.
Figure 10: Customizing columns in the Installed Rules tab
Select the checkboxes next to the rules you want to delete and click the
icon.
Figure 11: Deleting rules from the Installed Rules tab
In the pop-up that appears, click
Yes
to confirm the deletion.
Figure 12: Deleting rules from the Installed Rules tab
Read also
This page detailed the steps to install rules from the Rule Library. To configure auto-install and rule update settings, refer to the following articles:
Configuring auto-install settings