In this page
Windows
Unix
Applications
Network Devices
Custom Reports
Active Directory
Cloud sources
File Integrity Monitoring
Threats
The product offers 1000+ out-of-the-box reports and also the capability to create custom reports as per your requirements. These reports can help review the key security events happening in your network and also meet compliance requirements.
The reports can be accessed from the
Reports
tab of the UI. The event counts shown in the reports can be drilled down to the raw logs. The logs can be further filtered based on various log fields. The product also allows you to schedule reports to be automatically generated and emailed periodically.
Types of reports
The product offers a wide category of reports. Some of them are listed below.
Windows
The Windows reports allow you to get an overview of the events happening in your Windows environment. A few examples are given below:
Windows Logon Reports
Policy Changes
Windows Logoff Reports
Windows Firewall Threats
Application Crashes
Unix
The Unix reports allow you to get an overview of the events happening in your Unix environment. A few examples are given below:
Unix Logon Reports
Unix Logoff Reports
Unix Failed Logon Reports
Unix User Account Management
SU Commands
Applications
The application reports allow you to get an overview of the events happening in the applications installed in your network. The product supports a wide range of applications including
Terminal Server, DHCP Windows and Linux Servers, MS IIS W3C FTP Server, MS IIS W3C and Apache Web Servers, MS SQL and Oracle Database Servers, Sysmon
, and
Print Server
. These reports also help you to identify the performance and security status of the above applications.
A few examples are given below.
Terminal Server Gateway Logons
Terminal Server Gateway Logons
SQLServer DDL Auditing Report
Oracle Security Reports
Printer Auditing
Network Devices
The network devices reports allow you to get an overview of the events happening in your networking devices. A few examples are given below.
Router Logon Report
Router Configuration Report
Router Accepted Connections
Firewall Account Management
Network Device Risk Reports
Custom Reports
The custom reports that you have created will be listed in this section.
Active Directory
The Active Directory reports allow you to get an overview of the events happening in your Active Directory environment. A few examples are given below:
User Logon Reports
Account Management
User Management
Group Management
Computer Management
Permission Changes
Configuration Auditing
DNS Changes
AzureAD Password Protection
Domain Object Changes
LAPS Audit
GPO Setting Changes
OU Management
GPO Management
Other AD Object Changes
ADFS Auditing
DNS Server Events
DC Credential Validation
Kerberos Events
Trust Relationships Changes
Advanced DNS Server Audit
AD Replication Audit
LDAP Auditing
Netlogon vulnerable Schannel Connection Audit
Cloud sources
Cloud sources help you monitor security and activity logs from cloud platforms and services. The product aggregates events such as authentication activity, resource access, configuration changes, and security alerts, enabling centralized visibility and compliance reporting across your cloud environment. A few examples are given below:
User Login Activity
Failed/Unauthorized Activity
IAM Activity
User Activity
Network Security Groups
VPC Activity
S3 Bucket Activity Reports
WAF Reports
Security Token Service
AWS Config Reports
File Integrity Monitoring
File Integrity Monitoring (FIM) tracks changes made to critical files and folders across supported platforms and storage systems. These reports help detect unauthorized modifications, file access anomalies, and configuration tampering, allowing you to meet security and audit requirements. A few examples are given below:
Windows File Monitoring
EMC Isilon
Synology NAS
EMC Server
Threats
The threats section provides prebuilt reports that help you identify malicious activity, suspicious behavior, and policy violations across supported cloud services and SaaS platforms. These reports highlight risky logins, unauthorized access, security misconfigurations, and other indicators of compromise to support proactive threat detection. A few examples are given below:
All Breach Data
DarkWeb Breach Data
Botnet Leak Data
Supply Chain breach