In this page
Overview
Enable/disable reverse proxy
Overview
A reverse proxy is a proxy service that handles requests from customers, forwards them to the necessary servers, and subsequently delivers the servers' responses to the customers without revealing the identity of the servers. Log360 MSSP comes bundled with a reverse proxy server to prevent hackers from finding out, accessing, or exploiting the critical data that it holds.
Whenever a user requests access, the URL is forwarded to the respective servers based on the customers' context path in the URL. The end user will not know the details of the servers from which they are accessing the resources.
NOTE
This document applies to both Log360 MSSP and EventLog Analyzer Distributed environments. Existing EventLog Analyzer Distributed customers who have upgraded to the latest version will experience the same features, configuration options, and User-Interface behavior described in this page. Terminology may vary between products, but the function remains identical.
Log360 MSSP supports
only
context-based reverse proxy.
The hostname of the Log360 MSSP server will serve as the hostname for the customers' servers when reverse proxy is enabled.
Enable/disable reverse proxy
Log into the Log360 MSSP console as an administrator. Navigate to the
Settings
tab, scroll down, and click on
Reverse Proxy
listed in
General
under
System Settings
.
Image 1: Customer management via the Settings tab in Log360 MSSP
To enable reverse proxy:
Enable Reverse Proxy
by ticking the currently empty checkbox, which is highlighted below.
Image 2: Enabling reverse proxy in Log360 MSSP
Upon ticking the checkbox, the
Port
fields become available for editing. Select the required port number. Make sure the port number is not used by other applications.
Click on the
Save
button.
Upon successful completion of the action, the below pop-up appears.
To disable reverse proxy:
Disable reverse proxy by ticking the currently filled checkbox, which is highlighted below.
Image 3: Disabling reverse proxy in Log360 MSSP
Upon unchecking the checkbox, the
Port
fields instantly become unavailable for editing, indicating that the reverse proxy has been disabled successfully.
Read also
This document covered how to configure and manage reverse proxy in Log360 MSSP. For more security and integration-related capabilities, refer to:
Log360 MSSP Overview
Customer management
License management
Technician management