In this page
Overview
Custom Create a Playbook
Reset Playbook
List of Playbook blocks
Overview
This document guides you through the steps to build custom playbooks using predefined logic blocks. These workflows automate security responses, ranging from system actions to AD user operations, helping you mitigate incidents more efficiently.
Creating a custom playbook
Steps to create a playbook
In the product console, navigate to the
Alerts
tab. Click on the
More tools
icon present at the top-right corner of the page as highlighted in the below image.
Image 1: More tools icon in the Alerts tab
Click on
Playbook
to open the
Manage Playbook
page.
Click on the
+Create Playbook
button.
Image 2: Create Playbook button via the Alerts tab
Enter a name for the playbook in the
Playbook Name
field.
Image 3: Playbook name field during playbook creation
Click on
Description
(optional) beside the
Playbook Name
field to enter an appropriate description for the playbook. Click on
OK
.
On the left pane, there are components provided for different event categories. Click on the respective drop-down icons in order to expand the actions. Create a playbook by dragging and dropping the playbook blocks from the left pane into the space provided. Ensure that these blocks are logically arranged to execute an event in your infrastructure.
Image 4: Playbook blocks arrangement during playbook creation
The moment you finish the drag and drop action, an
Edit
pop-up appears with fields to configure that specific playbook block further. The fields to edit the playbook blocks vary from one block to another. After editing as per your requirements, click on
OK
. You can always come back and edit these blocks by clicking on the edit icon
visible on the blocks in the drag and drop area.
Image 5: Playbook blocks details during playbook creation
You can include multiple blocks in one playbook. Once you are done with the workflow design of your playbook, click on
Save
.
Image 6: Save a playbook after playbook creation
The playbook is saved instantly, and you will be taken back to the
Manage Playbook
tab with your newly created playbook listed under the playbooks list.
Reset playbook
In case you wish to reset the configurations set in the playbook creation up until now, click on the
Clear Playbook
button as highlighted in the below image.
Image 7: Clear playbook option during playbook creation
A
Confirm Action
pop-up appears. Click on
Continue
.
All the configurations set in the playbook until then are cleared instantly, and you can see that the workspace becomes empty again.
List of playbook blocks
The product contains multiple playbook blocks to help you configure the playbooks to perform the required actions. The logic blocks are categorized under different sections.
The list of playbook blocks and the details to be specified while configuring playbooks using them are given below:
Component
Logic blocks
Details to be specified
Logic Actions
Decision
Allows you to branch the playbook based on the status of the previous action.
Optional description
Time Delay
Allows you to introduce a time delay in the execution of the playbook.
The time delay in seconds.
Network actions
Ping Device
Allows you to ping a device within your network to check connectivity
The name of the device to be pinged.
Number of echo request messages to be sent.
Size of the packet to be sent.
Timeout for the action.
Number of action retries within the specified time.
Trace Route
Allows you to run a trace route function to a device in your network to identify the path.
The name of the device you wish to trace the route to.
The maximum number of Hops.
Timeout for the action.
Process actions
Test Process
Allows you to test whether a process is running on a device.
The name of the device on which you want to test the process.
The process you want to test.
ExecutablePath and CommandLine to execute the process.
Start Process
Allows you to start a process on a device
The name of the device on which you want to start a process.
The process working directory.
The command to start the process.
Stop Process
Allows you to stop a process on a device.
The name of the device on which you want to stop the process.
The process you want to stop.
ExecutablePath and CommandLine to execute the process.
Service actions
Test Service
Allows you to test whether a service is running on a device.
The name of the device on which you want to test the service.
The service you want to test
Start Service
Allows you to start a service on a device.
The name of the device on which you wish to start a service.
The service to be started.
Stop Service
Allows you to stop a service on a device.
The name of the device on which you wish to stop a service.
The service to be stopped
Windows actions
Log Off
Allows you to log off from the currently active session on a device.
The name of the device you want to log off from.
Select whether you'd like to force this action.
Shut Down System
Allows you to shut down a Windows device.
The name of the device to be shut down.
Select whether you'd like to force this action.
Restart System
Allows you to restart a Windows device.
The name of the device to be restarted.
Select whether you'd like to force this action.
Execute Windows Script
Allows you to execute a specified script file on a Windows device.
The name of the device on which you want to execute the script file.
The type of script file.
Upload the script file to be executed.
Arguments to the script, if any.
You can separate multiple arguments using commas.
Timeout for the action.
The working directory for the script's execution.
Disable USB
Allows you to disable the USB port on a device.
The name of the device on which you want to disable the USB port.
Linux actions
Shut Down Linux
Allows you to shut down a Linux device.
The name of the device to be shut down.
Select whether you'd like to force this action.
Restart Linux
Allows you to restart a Linux device.
The name of the device to be restarted.
Select whether you'd like to force this action.
Execute Linux Script
Allows you to execute a specified script file on a Linux device.
The name of the device on which you want to execute the script file.
The type of script file.
Upload the script file to be executed.
Arguments to the script, if any.
You can separate multiple arguments using commas.
Timeout for the action.
The working directory for the script's execution.
Notification actions
Send Pop-Up Message
Allows you to display a pop-up message on a device.
The name of the device on which you want to display the message.
The message to be displayed.
Send Email
Allows you to send an email message.
The recipient's email address.
The email subject and body.
Send SMS
Allows you to send an SMS message.
The recipient's mobile number.
The SMS content.
Send SNMP Trap
Allows you to send SNMP traps to the required destination.
Enterprise OID.
SNMP Manager.
Message content.
Active Directory actions
Disable User
Allows you to disable a user's account.
The name of the user account you want to disable.
Delete User
Allows you to delete a user account.
The name of the user account you want to delete.
Disable Computer
Allows you to disable a computer account.
The name of the computer account you want to disable
Firewall Actions
Cisco ASA Deny Inbound Rule
Allows you to add an deny inbound rule.
The name of the firewall device.
The Interface name.
Source address.
Destination address.
Cisco ASA Deny Outbound Rule
Allows you to add an deny outbound rule.
The name of the firewall device.
The Interface name.
Source address.
Destination address.
Fortigate Deny Access Rule
Allows you to add an deny access rule.
Name of the firewall device. Source address.
Destination address.
Name of the source interface.
Name of the destination interface.
PaloAlto Deny Access Rule
Allows you to add an deny access rule.
Name of the firewall device. Source address.
Destination address.
Name of the source zone.
Name of the destination zone.
Type of Rule (Universal, Intrazone or Interzone).
SophosXG Deny Access Rule
Allows you to add an deny access rule.
Name of the firewall device.
Source address.
Destination address.
SophosXG Update Deny Access Rule
Allows you to update an deny access rule.
The name of the firewall device.
The rule name.
Source address.
Destination address.
Barracuda CloudGen Deny Access Rule
Allows you to add an deny access rule.
Name of the firewall device.
Source address.
Destination address.
Name of the source interface.
Name of the destination interface.
Type of Rule (Inbound or Outbound).
Miscellaneous actions
Write to File
Allows you to write a message to a file
The name of the device on which the file is located.
The file name.
The absolute file path.
The text to be written to the file.
Select whether you would like to append to or overwrite a file if it already exists.
CSV Lookup
Allows you to search for values within a CSV file.
Upload the CSV file to perform by clicking on "Browse".
Specify the header or column number.
Select the field to be matched.
Forward Logs
Allows you to forward logs to the required destination.
Name of the destination server.
The protocol to be used.
Port number and standard.
HTTP Request
Allows you to send an HTTP request to a URL.
The URL to which you want to send an HTTP request to.
Specify the Method you want to use (Get or Post).
Add the required headers.
Add the required parameters.
ADManager Plus actions
Disable User
Allows you to disable a user account
The name of the block.
The action to be performed (here, Disable User).
A brief description for this block to record its purpose in the playbook.
The username of the user account you want to disable.
Delete User
Allows you to delete a user account
The name of the block.
The action to be performed (here, Delete User).
A brief description for this block to record its purpose in the playbook.
The username of the user account you want to delete.
Disable Computer
Allows you to disable a computer account.
The name of the block.
The action to be performed (here, Disable Computer).
A brief description for this block to record its purpose in the workflow.
The device name of the computer account you want to disable.
Reset user password
Allows the user to reset their password
The name of the block.
The action to be performed (here, Reset user password).
A brief description for this block to record its purpose in the playbook.
The username of the user account you want to reset the password.
The type of password that you want: Random or Custom.
Add user to group
Allows you to add a user to a particular group
The name of the block.
The action to be performed (here, Add user to group).
A brief description for this block to record its purpose in the playbook.
The username of the user account you want to add to the group.
The name of the group you want to add the user.
Remove user from group
Allows you to remove a user from a particular group
The name of the block.
The action to be performed(here, Remove user from group).
A brief description for this block to record its purpose in the playbook.
The username of the user account you want to remove from the group.
The name of the group that you want to remove the user from, or remove the user from all the groups that are available.
Enable user
Allows you to enable a disabled user account
The name of the block.
The action to be performed(here, Enable user).
A brief description for this block to record its purpose in the playbook.
The username of the user account you want to enable.
Unlock user
Allows you to unlock a locked user account
The name of the block.
The action to be performed(here, Unlock user).
A brief description for logic block to record its purpose in the playbook.
The username of the user account you want to unlock.
Update user
Allows you to update an attribute of a user
The name of the block.
The action to be performed(here, Update user).
A brief description for this block to record its purpose in the playbook.
The username of the user account you want to update.
The attribute that you want to update in the user account's data.
The value of the attribute that needs to be updated.
Delete Computer
Allows you to delete a computer account
The name of the block.
The action to be performed(here, Delete Computer).
A brief description for this block to record its purpose in the playbook.
The device name of the computer account you want to delete.
Enable computer
Allows you to enable a disabled computer account
The name of the block.
The action to be performed(here, Enable Computer).
A brief description for this block to record its purpose in the playbook.
The device name of the computer account you want to enable.
Endpoint Central actions
Install Patch
Allows you to install a patch on a specific device for a detected vulnerability.
The name of the block.
Name/IP of the destination device to install patch.
Name of the deployment configuration.
Description for the deployment configuration.
Vulnerability identifier will be extracted from alert criteria.
Deployment policy to be applied.
Approve Patch
Allows you to approve patches for the detected vulnerability.
The name of the block Vulnerability identifier will be extracted from alert criteria.
Read also
This document covered how to create custom playbooks, including workflow components and supported actions. For related capabilities that enhance security orchestration and automation, refer to:
Manage playbooks
Update playbook credentials