Overview
Demo
Pricing
Support
Sign Up
Login
Help Document
Overview
Setting up
Account setup
Starting Log360 Cloud
Supported log sources
Adding Syslog devices
Subscription
Prerequisites
Service Level Agreement (SLA)
Amazon Web Services (AWS)
Microsoft 365 Auto Configuration
Microsoft 365 Manual Configuration
Dashboard
Reports
Available Reports
Manage Predefined Reports
Manage Report Views
Custom Reports
Types of Report Views
Report Exporting
Schedule exports
Other report options
LDAP events
Advanced Active Directory reports
User Work Hours
Account lockout analyzer
Compliance Reports
Search
Search
Search tool
Save searches
Share searches
Export searches
Add or remove fields from the search results
Tagging tool
Cloud correlation
Understanding correlation
Generating correlation reports
Managing correlation rules
UEBA
Overview
What is UEBA
Architecture
Training phase of the Anomaly models
Data sources
Anomaly rules of UEBA
List of anomaly rules
Working with anomaly rules - view, manage and customize rules
Investigating anomalies
Dashboards
Adding users and entities to watchlists
Anomaly reports and alerts
Zia Insights
Overview
Using Zia Insights
Setting up Zia Insights
Invoking Zia Insights
Alerts
Creating alert profiles
View log alerts
Ticketing tool configuration
Manage profiles
Threat investigation
Incident Workbench
Overview
Access
User analytics
Process Analytics
Advanced Threat Analytics
Incident building
Device summary
Incident management
Incident management
Configuration settings
Devices
Applications
Overview
SQL Server
Oracle Server
Terminal Server
Syslog Application
Sysmon Application
Password Manager Pro
ITOM Solution
Exchange Reporter Plus
AD Audit Plus
Print Server
Malwarebytes
FireEye
Symantec Endpoint Protection
Symantec DLP
CEF Format
McAfee
Trend Micro
Manage Cloud Sources
Vulnerability data
vCenter
Threat management solutions
Threat Source
File Monitoring
File Integrity Monitoring
EMC Isilon
Synology NAS
EMC Server
Windows File Cluster
NetApp Server
QNAP NAS
Import log data
Admin settings
Manage Agents
Agent Settings
Log Source Groups
User management
Accounts Management
Configuring object level auditing
Configuring audit policies
Configuring Windows member server audit policies
Technician audit
Advanced Threat Analytics
Bulk actions for Agents
Privacy settings
Notification settings
Notification Templates
Working Hour Settings
Reload Archive Logs
My account settings
Product settings
Log Collection Filter
Custom log parsing
License
Storage Tiers
Overview
Configuring Storage Tiers
Managing Storage Tiers
Using Stats Analysis
Cloud Storage Estimator
Listener ports
Log forwarding
Developer space
Custom Widgets
Extension Profile Generation
Extension Builder
Marketplace
Installing Extensions
Compliance Extensions
Nginx
Veeam
MariaDB
Okta
Dropbox
MikroTik
MongoDB
Topsec
Sangfor
Ticketing tool integration
Jira Service Desk
ServiceDesk Plus
Zendesk
Cloud protection
Cloud Protection in Log360 Cloud
Gateway Cluster
Gateway Server
Prerequisites for Gateway Server configuration
Installing Gateway Server
Endpoint Configuration
Certificate Authority Configuration
Manage Certificate Trust Store
Two-way SSL Support
Manage Banned Applications
Manage Sanctioned Applications
Gateway Server Failover
Application Insight
User Access Insight
Cloud Access Reports
CASB application reports
Shadow Cloud Application Reports
Reports on Banned Cloud Applications
File Upload Reports
Threat Analytics in Cloud Protection
Regenerate Access Key
Troubleshooting gateway server errors
API Support
Teams
Overview
Managing Teams
MSSP Edition
Introduction
MSSP Account Setup
Dashboard
Manage Customers
Evaluation Customers
Customer Portal
Portal User Management
Customer Portal MFA
Centralized Technician audit
My Account Settings
Technician Management
License
Troubleshooting
Overview
WMI-based errors
Encryption at Rest (EAR)
Contact us
Related Products
Log360
Comprehensive SIEM and UEBA
Download
|
Demo
AD360
Integrated Identity & Access Management
Download
|
Demo
ADManager Plus
Active Directory Management & Reporting
Download
|
Demo
ADAudit Plus
Real-time Active Directory Auditing and UBA
Download
|
Demo
ADSelfService Plus
Self-Service Password Management
Download
|
Demo
EventLog Analyzer
Real-time Log Analysis & Reporting
Download
|
Demo
Exchange Reporter Plus
Exchange Server Auditing & Reporting
Download
|
Demo
Log360 Cloud
Admin Settings
Advanced Threat Analytics
Advanced Threat Analytics
Modern security teams cannot rely only on the logs data to find out potential attacks. We need more information than just what error was triggered, and internal logs will not provide that data for us. The Advanced Threat Analytics (ATA) feature in Log360 Cloud pulls data about malicious IPs, and domains that have an assigned reputation score and uses that to alert the administrators of any suspicious IP tries to connect to your network.
To enable Advanced Threat Analytics, follow the steps below:
Login to the Log360 Cloud application
with Admin permissions
.
Go to the
Settings → Admin → Management → Threat Management → Advanced Threat Analytics
.
Log360 Cloud provides you with two options to choose from,
Default Threat Server
When Enabled, Log360 Cloud correlates the information available in OTX AlienVault, FireHol, PhishTank and ThreatFox to trigger alerts if there's a match. This option only fetches data on the blacklisted IPs.
Note
: All Log360 Cloud customers get access to this basic Threat Intelligence feature.
Advanced Threat Analytics
Overview
The Advanced Threat Analytics feature gives valuable insights into the severity of threats using the reputation score for potentially malicious URLs, domains, and IP addresses.
This option allows Log360 Cloud to provide more context about the potential attack by correlating crucial data from the threat feeds.
Note
: This feature is available as an add-on for all Log360 Cloud customers. You can purchase the ATA add-on either from the Threat Configuration page or through the License page.
Vendor support:
Log360 Cloud supports the following vendors for the Advanced Threat Analytics data:
Log360 Cloud Threat Analytics
Default integration from Log360 Cloud suite. This can be accessed once the add-on is purchased.
Constella Intelligence
When you purchase Advanced Threat Analytics, you gain access to Dark Web Monitoring. You can configure Dark Web Monitoring using your licensed domain to monitor potential threats associated with your organization.
VirusTotal
Third-party threat feed integration. This follows the Bring Your Own Key(BYOK) model. If you have bought VirusTotal access separately, you can use your API key and get the threat analytics information in Log360 Cloud.
Access
Here's how users can access the Advanced Threat Analytics information for different usecases:
Investigation
: To investigate the external threat sources, the Threat Analytics information can be accessed through the External Threat report and the
Incident Workbench
.
Detection:
The
Default Threat
alert criteria detects interaction with external threat sources. Once the Advanced Threat Analytics add-on is applied, the alerts will be accurately fine-tuned to reduce false positives.
External Threat report
Navigation: Log360 Cloud home >
Reports
> Select
Threats
from the drop-down in the top left corner >
Threat Analytics
>
External Threat
The
External Threat
report contains information on the source of the threat, severity, reputation score, and more.
View reports of
Top Attacked Hosts
and
Threats by Category
for the selected period.
Click on IPs in the Threat Source column and select
Go To Incident Workbench
to get contextual risk data from the integrated threat feeds
Setting Alerts for External Threats
From the
Alerts
tab, go to
Manage Profiles -> Add Alert Profile
.
When required to select an alert, choose
Threat Analytics
as the
Alert Log Type
and select the
External Threat
radio button and click
Save
.
Log360 Cloud will send an alert whenever a malicious IP tries to connect with your network.
Note:
An alert profile with the name "
External Threat
" will be automatically created on enabling default threat or advanced threat analytics, or when ATA add-on is purchased during license upgrade.
Enabling "Auto add new devices" will automatically activate the alert profile for all newly added devices.
Log360 Cloud Threat Analytics
Note:
Once you purchase the Advanced Threat Analytics add-on, the Log360 Cloud Threat Analytics will be enabled by default.
Analysis
The Log360 Cloud Threat Analytics is available in the Incident Workbench.
Learn
how to invoke the Incident Workbench from different dashboards of Log360 Cloud.
Note:
To understand the different terminologies used in the Log360 Cloud Threat Analytics reports, please use the Help Card in the bottom left corner.
Select any IP or Domain to analyze in the Workbench. You can access the following data:
Info
This section contains the Reputation Score of the Threat Source on a scale of 0-100.
Note
: The risk factor is inversely proportional to the Reputation Score.
You can also view the Reputation Score Trend chart, Status of the Threat Source (whether it's actively part of the threat list), Category, Number of occurrences on threat list, and when the source has been released from the threat list.
Geo Info
The Geo Info contains location mapping details of the Threat Source such as city, state, region and the Whois information of the domain.
Related Indicators
This section contains the risk profile of the related indicators of IPs, and Domains.
The related indicators are produced by tracking the relationships between IPs, URLs, files and mobile apps using predictive threat intelligence to determine whether a new source interacting with this network is malicious or not.
Context:
Imagine a scenario where an attack is detected to be originating from a particular IP address. There could potentially be numerous other IP addresses, URLs, files, or mobile apps linked to this initial IP. It is crucial to be aware of these associated sources and identify them if they interact with your network, as the threat actor behind the attack might be controlling them as well.
Contextual Type
The Contextual Type contains the list of related indicators for the specific threat source. Click on the drop down and select the type of the related indicator.
Threat level
The threat level categorizes the related indicators based on their risk levels.
The following are the 5 risk levels in descending order:
High Risk
Suspicious
Moderate Risk
Low Risk
Trustworthy
Related Indicators
Here are the threat sources and the related indicators:
Threat source - IP
Related indicator
Description
Hosted URLs
Websites that are mapped to the particular IP address.
ASN(Autonomuous System Number)
The related ASN which uniquely identifies the larger group of IPs to which the threat source belongs to.
Hosted Files
Files hosted on the specific IP.
Threat source - Domain
Related indicator
Description
Virtually hosted domains
Websites sharing the same server with unique domain names.
Subdomains
Different webpages carrying unique prefixes to a common domain.
Hosted Files
Files hosted on the domain
Hosted IPs
The IP addresses that can be mapped to the particular domain
Common Registrant
Individual or organization that owns and manages the domain.
Limitation:
Users can only view upto 1000 related indicators under each threat level for a specific relationship.
Threat Evidences
This section contains evidences produced by the security vendor for attempted attacks or malicious activities that can be mapped back to the specific threat source.
Threat Evidence covers a list of incidents which caused an IP to be flagged as malicious. The response contains:
Timestamp for when the incidents were observed initially.
The period during which the incidents continued to persist.
Whether the series of incidents were severe enough to be determined as possible threats.
The specific type of threat(s) detected and other additional details available for the Threat Indicator.
Threat evidence example 1: Phishing
Threat evidence example 2: Files hosted by the domain
Limitation
: Some of the threat evidence may not be available due to incomplete retrieval of information from honeypots and other internal integrations.
Constella Intelligence Integration
Overview
Constella Intelligence specializes in digital risk protection, including monitoring the dark web and other online channels, to mitigate threats like fraud, cybercrime, and brand abuse. Integration with Log360 Cloud enhances threat detection, provides a comprehensive view of digital risks, enables proactive brand protection, ensures regulatory compliance, and facilitates efficient incident response.
Configuring dark web threat feeds:
Login to the Log360 Cloud application with
Admin permissions
.
Go to the
Settings → Admin → Management → Threat Management → Advanced Threat Analytics
. Proceed to configure the respective feeds to access the threat analytics data.
Configure the Dark Web Threat feeds by clicking on Configure shown in the image below.
After clicking configure, a pop-up will prompt you to enter an email domain to monitor for dark web exposure. Once entered, provide a valid email address of the domain for verification.
Note
: Configuring an email domain requires a matching license. Please ensure the configured domain is associated with a purchased license.
An OTP will be sent to the entered email address. Upon successful verification of the OTP, your domain will be configured for dark web breaches.
Upon successful configuration, you will see a confirmation page indicating the successful configuration of your domain for dark web breaches.
To reconfigure another domain for monitoring, click on Re-Configure . A configuration popup will appear; follow the same steps that you followed during Initial Domain Configuration
To disable Darkweb Threat Feeds, uncheck the checkbox. A prompt will appear; select 'Yes' to disable dark web monitoring.
Log360 Cloud's Threat Analytics and Dark Web Monitoring are independent features. They can be enabled or disabled individually.
Breach reports
Email analysis
Note
: The retention period for Constella Intelligence logs is the same as the storage retention period.
Features provided:
Threat analytics dashboard tab:
Conveniently locate breaches that have occurred within the configured domain.
Breach reports:
Access detailed reports on breaches.
Predefined alert for supply chain breach:
Receive alerts for supply chain breaches.
VirusTotal
Note:
VirusTotal is one of the largest live threat feeds that consolidates risk scores of IPs, URLS, Domains, and files from a wide range of security vendors. This integration in Log360 Cloud follows the Bring Your Own Key(BYOK) model. If you have bought VirusTotal access separately, you can use your API key and analyze threat sources in Log360 Cloud.
VirusTotal terms of service:
Users can access VirusTotal API in two ways:
Public API: Provides free access with specific limitations, including constraints on request frequency and access with lower priority.
Premium API: Provides exclusive access without limitations on request frequency and prioritized access, complemented by additional benefits.
Recommendation: For business workflows, it is recommended to use Premium API for integration.
To learn more about VirusTotal, their
terms of service
,
privacy policy
, and
API usage
, please
visit their website
.
Configuration
Note
: Please refer to VirusTotal's
privacy policy
to understand how user-submitted data is utilized for analysis, as well as their policies on data processing, sharing, retention, and deletion.
Once you have purchased the Advanced Threat Analytics add-on and applied the license, head to the
Advanced Threat Analytics
page.
Navigation:
Settings
→
Admin
→
Management
→
ThreatManagement
→
Advanced Threat Analytics
→
VirusTotal
→
Integrate
To get the VirusTotal API key:
Visit
https://www.virustotal.com
and sign up for a VirusTotal account.
Sign in to VirusTotal and find your API key and go to your
Username→ Settings→API Key
.
Use the API Key provided by VirusTotal for integrating with Log360 Cloud.
Paste the API key and click on
Connect
to finish configuring VirusTotal.
Analysis
In Log360 Cloud, users can access the data from VirusTotal through the Incident Workbench.
Learn
how to invoke the Incident Workbench from different dashboards of Log360 Cloud.
Note:
To understand the different terminologies used in the VirusTotal reports, please use the Help Card in the bottom left corner.
Select any IP or Domain to analyze in the Workbench. You can access the following data:
VirusTotal Info
This section contains the Detection Score of the Threat Source, which is the number of security vendors who have flagged the source as risky out of all the security vendors. Along with this, the basic details and the geo info of the Threat Source are also available.
Security Vendor Analysis
This section contains the individual analysis of 85+ security vendors such as SOCRadar, Fortinet, Forcepoint ThreatSeeker, and ArcSight Threat Intelligence
Click on the search icon in the top left corner to filter based on Security Vendor, Analysis Category, and Analysis Result.
Here are the Analysis Categories:
Malicious
Suspicious
Harmless
Undetected
Timeout
Whois Info
This section contains the Whois information of the threat source domain.
SSL Certificate
This section contains details of the SSL certificate issued to the Threat Source and who issued it.
Related files
This section maps the relationship of the files to the IP address in the following ways:
Files communicating with the IP address
Files downloaded from the IP address
Files containing the IP address
Resolutions
This section contains the past and current IP resolutions for a particular domain.
© 2025 Zoho Corporation Pvt. Ltd. All rights reserved.