In this page
Overview
Configuring auto allocation policies
Enabling/disabling a policy
Enabling a policy
Disabling a policy
Edit a policy
Trigger auto allocation manually
Overview
Auto Allocation Policies
define how discovered devices are assigned to collectors in the product, based on criteria like domains, workgroups, and Organizational Units (OUs). This section explains how to manage these policies—enabling or disabling them, editing policy rules, and instantly triggering allocation—so that devices are automatically and efficiently onboarded into the monitoring system.
Configuring auto allocation policies
Navigate to the
Settings
tab and click on
Devices
.
Image 1: Device settings in the product console
You will be taken to the
Device Management
module. On the right-hand side, you will find
Auto Allocation Policy
as shown below. Click on it.
Image 2: Auto allocation policy in the product console
You will be taken to the list of all policies. Here, you can:
Check the status of the policies and/or enable/disable the policies.
Edit a policy.
You can trigger auto allocation for all policies at any time. (Only when the auto allocation feature is in an enabled state.)
Image 3: Device auto allocation policy in the product console
NOTE
By
default
, the auto allocation policy is configured for the
localhost server
.
Enabling/disabling a policy
Enabling a policy
Click on the disabled icon
under the
Actions
column to enable the policy.
As soon as you perform this action, the icon indicates that the policy is now enabled
and the below pop-up message appears briefly.
Disabling a policy
Click on the enabled icon
under the
Actions
column to disable the policy.
As soon as you perform this action, the icon indicates that the policy is now disabled
and the below pop-up message appears briefly.
Enable/Disable multiple policies at once
Click on the empty checkbox(es) in the first column in order to select the respective policies.
Click on the Enable/Disable icons in the ribbon above the rules list.
Image 4: Enable/Disable multiple policies at once
Upon successful completion of the action, the below pop-up appears.
When enabled successfully:
When disabled successfully:
Edit a policy
To edit a policy, click on the
Edit
icon
under the
Actions
column. A slider appears that includes the fields for editing the policy.
Image 5: Editing an auto allocation policy
Fill out the fields according to your requirements.
Workgroups
: You can select the workgroup to add devices from those workgroups only.
Domains
: Add devices only from selected OUs (Organizational Units) in the selected domains. Use the checkbox to select or deselect the domains to add devices.
Click Add OUs to add devices by filter the selected OUs.
Click on the
⏵
button to expand the OUs that include sub-folder(s).
Use
Exclude Child OUs
option to select parent OUs only.
Use
View All
button to see the selected OUs in
Summary View
Click
OK
button to finalize the selected OUs.
Add Device(s) only if device count <= :
Device count must be between 1 & 100
Device count also includes Non-Windows Devices
NOTE
The specified device count limit applies to only the associated devices with a speciifc collector.
Click on the
Save
button after you have made all the necessary changes.
Upon successful completion of the action, the below pop-up appears.
Trigger auto allocation manually
This function allows you to run the device allocation process instantly. This is useful when any changes have been made to the allocation policies and you don't want to wait for the next scheduled run. This, in turn, ensures that the policy updates take immediate effect.
Steps to trigger auto allocation manually
In the Auto Allocation Policy module itself, click on the
Run All Policies
button
to allocate devices as per all policies immediately.
NOTE
This option will not be available unless auto allocation is enabled.
As soon as you click on it, the below pop-up appears, indicating the instant start of a new auto allocation run with the updated policy.
Read also
This document covered how to configure and manage auto allocation policies in the product. For more related functionalities, refer to the following articles:
Check unallocated device(s) status
Sync settings