The Advanced Threat Analytics feature gives valuable insights into the severity of threats using the reputation score for potentially malicious URLs, domains, and IP addresses. To utilize the Advanced Threat Analytics feature in the product, an add-on has to be purchased.
Advanced Threat Analytics add-on purchase:
To purchase the Advanced Threat Analytics add-on, please
click here
.
After purchasing and applying the add-on license, go to
Settings → Admin Settings → Management→ Threat Feeds
. The Advanced Threat Analytics tab will be present next to the STIX/TAXII Threat Feeds tab. Configure the respective feeds to access the threat analytics data.
Overview
Vendor support:
The product supports the following vendors for the Advanced Threat Analytics data:
Log360 Cloud Threat Analytics
Default integration from Log360 Cloud suite. This can be accessed once the add-on is purchased.
VirusTotal
Third-party threat feed integration. This follows the Bring Your Own Key(BYOK) model. If you have bought VirusTotal access separately, you can use your API key and get the threat analytics information in the product.
Access
Here's how users can access the Adavanced Threat Analytics information for different usecases:
For investigation
: To investigate the external threat sources, the threat analytics information can be accessed through the External Threat report and the
Incident Workbench
.
Detection
: The
Default Threat
alert criteria detects interaction with external threat sources. Once the Advanced Threat Analytics add-on is applied, the alerts will be accurately fine tuned to reduce false positives.
External Threat report
Navigation: Product home >
Reports
> Select
Threats
from the drop-down in the top left corner >
Threat Analytics > External Threat
The
External Threat
report contains the information on the source of the threat, severity, reputation score, and more.
View reports of
Top Attacked Hosts
and
Threats by Category
for the selected period.
Click on URLs and IPs in the Threat Source column and select Go To
Incident Workbench
to get contextual risk data from the integrated threat feeds
Alerts
View the generated alerts on the Alerts summary page, and click on the
Threat Analysis
icon to open the
Incident Workbench
and analyze further.