To configure the Syslog service in your Sangfor NGAF devices, follow the steps below:
Access the NGAF Web Interface.
Open a web browser and navigate to the NGAF's management IP address. Login using your administrator credentials.
Navigate to System > Logging Options
Check all Syslog checkboxes under Log Location for the type of logs to be forwarded.
In Syslog Server tab, enter the IP address of EventLog Analyzer server and port (514), which is EventLog Analyzer's syslog listener port, in the
respective boxes.
Click OK to apply changes.
For NGAF version 6.4 and below:
Access the NGAF Web Interface.
Open a web browser and navigate to the NGAF's management IP address. Login using your administrator credentials.
Navigate to System > Logging Options > Syslog
Check Enable Syslog checkbox.
Enter the IP address of the EventLog Analyzer server and port (514), which is EventLog Analyzer's syslog listener port, in the respective boxes.
Click OK to apply changes.
To configure the Syslog service in your Sangfor IAM devices, follow the steps below:
Access the IAM Web Interface.
Open a web browser and navigate to the IAM's management IP address. Login using your administrator credentials
Navigate to System > General> Advanced > Syslog Server.
Check the Enable Syslog Server checkbox.
Enter the IP address of the EventLog Analyzer server and EventLog Analyzer's syslog Listener port in the given box as ipaddress:port example:
10.10.10.1:514
Click Commit to apply changes.
Sangfor reports
EventLog Analyzer supports Sangfor Firewall and provides out-of-the-box reports for the following categories of events:
Sangfor Events:
Provides information on all the events associated with Sangfor devices.
Logon Report
These reports provide information on successful logons, logoffs, and logon overview.
Firewall Allowed and Denied Traffic:
Provides insights on traffic based on source, destination, protocol, and also generates a report on traffic trends.
Firewall IDS/IPS Events:
Provides insights on attacks based on source and destination IP address, also provides a report on attack trends.
VPN Reports:
Provides insights on VPN logons, failed logons, logons trend, VPN blocked connections.
System Events:
Provides reports on configuration changes.
Device Severity Reports:
Provides reports on emergency, alerts, critical, error, warning, and notice events.