In this page
Overview
Steps to configure Storage Tiers
Overview
This section details how Storage Tiers can be configured in
ManageEngine Log360 Cloud
. Storage Tiers help you define custom log retention strategies by setting different policies for specific log types, sources, and optional filtering criteria. This ensures that critical logs can be retained longer while helping control storage usage for less relevant data.
The configuration includes selecting the logs to manage, setting retention periods for archive and search storage, applying filters, and enabling daily ingestion alerts. You can also create multiple condition groups to manage how incoming logs are routed to each tier.
Steps to configure Storage Tiers
Log in to your Log360 Cloud account.
Go to the
Settings
tab and select
Admin
.
In the left pane, navigate to
Data Storage
and click
Storage Tiers
.
In the Storage Tiers window, click
Add Storage Tiers.
NOTE
You can create up to 20 Storage Tiers in ManageEngine Log360 Cloud.
Figure 1: Configuring Storage Tiers
Configure the following fields in the Add
Storage Tiers
window.
Name
: Enter a name for the Storage Tier (max 30 characters).
Figure 2: Naming a Storage Tier
Log Types:
Select one or more Log Types from the drop-down.
NOTE
By default, all log types are selected. You can select up to 50 Log Types from the drop-down.
Figure 3: Configuring Log Types
Log Sources:
Click the
icon to select the log sources this tier should apply to.
Figure 4: Configuring Log Source
You can choose from predefined source groups or individual devices. Alternatively, use the
Select All
checkbox to include all available log sources.
After selecting Log Sources of your choice, select
OK
to save.
Figure 5: Selecting Log Sources
NOTE
By default, all Log Sources are selected. You can select up to 10,000 log sources.
To narrow the selection further, click the
icon.
Figure 6: Creating a filter
This opens the
Create Filter
window, where you can define rules to include only logs that match specific attributes.
Select a field from the first drop-down.
Choose a condition, such as
Equals or Not Equals
.
Enter a value of the field that you want to filter in the third field.
Figure 7: Filtering Log Sources
To add another criterion to the same group
, click the
icon next to an existing group.
Figure 8: Adding a criterion
All criteria within a group are evaluated together based on the selected
AND/OR
option from the drop-down.
Figure 9: Configuring a criterion
Click Add group
to define an additional set of conditions.
Figure 10: Adding a group
When multiple groups are present, use the drop-down between them to choose whether they should follow
AND/OR
logic.
NOTE: AND
means all conditions in the group must be true for the log to match.
OR
means at least one condition in the group must be true for the log to match. Logs that match the group’s condition set will be routed to the corresponding Storage Tier.
Figure 11: Configuring a group
NOTE:
You can add up to
5 groups
in the filter configuration. Each group can contain up to
10 criteria
.
You can
delete a specific criterion
by clicking the
icon
next to it, and
remove an entire group
by clicking the
icon associated with that group.
NOTE
The following example details how filters can be applied using groups and multiple criteria with AND/OR logic.
Example: Filtering significant Windows logs by excluding noisy windows events
Group 1 (AND logic between criteria):
Criteria 1: Log Source Type = Windows
Criteria 2: Event ID Between 4620 and 4780
Criteria 3: Severity Equals Critical, Success, Failure
Group 2 (OR logic between criteria):
Criteria 1: Event ID Not Equals 4662
Criteria 2: Event ID Not Equals 4658
Criteria 3: Event ID Not Equals 4690
The groups are connected using AND logic, so only the significant Windows logs that meet all the conditions in Group 1 and at least one condition in Group 2 will be routed to the storage tier, ensuring that irrelevant event IDs are excluded.
If the criteria are not met, the logs will be stored in the
default storage tier
.
Search Retention:
Define how long logs remain available in searchable storage. Enter a numeric value and use the drop-down next to it to select the unit such as days, weeks, months, or years.
Archive Retention:
Define how long logs are retained in archival storage. Similar to search retention, enter the duration and choose the unit from the drop-down.
Figure 12: Configuring Search and Archival Retention
NOTE
Search Retention period must be shorter than the archive retention period.
Click
Advanced Configuration
(optional) to:
Enable
the
Notify when daily ingestion crosses
checkbox to set a daily ingestion limit for this tier.
Enter the threshold value in gigabytes (GB) to receive an email alert when the log volume exceeds the specified limit. By default, 1 GB is allocated.
Figure 13: Advanced Configuration
From the
Select Template
drop-down, choose the email notification template to be used when the threshold is reached.
Figure 14: Advanced Configuration
NOTE
: You can also click
icon to create a custom template, if needed. When you choose to create a new template, any unsaved tier configuration changes will not be retained. You will need to
re-enter all previous tier settings
before clicking
Create
. Follow the steps below to create a custom template.
In the pop-up that appears, click
Proceed
to continue.
Figure 15: Configuring mail notification template
In the
Create Template
window, enter a name and an optional description for the template.
From the
Module
dropdown, select the appropriate module, such as Storage Tiers.
Use the
Notify Via
dropdown to choose how notifications should be sent: Email, SMS, or both.
Figure 16: Creating a template
Under the Email tab:
In the
Mail To
field, enter the recipient email addresses.
Enter a subject line.
Compose your notification message in the
Message
field. Insert macros from the list on the right.
Figure 17: Email template for email notification
To configure SMS notifications, switch to the SMS tab
:
In the
Send To
field, enter mobile numbers with country code. Use commas to separate multiple numbers.
In the
Message
field, enter the SMS text. Macros can be used here as well.
Figure 18: SMS template for SMS notification
NOTE
When configuring the notification template, use the phone number format: +01-XXXXXXXXXX.
Once the template is configured, click
Save
to save the template.
You can also click
Preview
to see how the message will appear before saving.
Once the configuration is complete, click
Create
to add the tier.
Figure 19: Adding a Storage Tier
It will be listed in the Storage Tiers table, where you can view and manage all configured tiers.
Figure 20: List of configured Storage Tiers
NOTE
Tier settings apply only to logs received after the tier is created. Existing logs are not reclassified retroactively. By default, newly created tiers are assigned high priority.
Read also
This page elaborated on how to set up and configure Storage Tiers in ManageEngine Log360 Cloud. To leverage and use the capabilities of Stats Analysis and Storage Tiers, read:
Managing Storage Tiers
Using Stats Analysis