Okta is a cloud-based Identity and Access Management (IAM) platform designed to secure user authentication and manage access to applications, devices, and APIs. It offers key features like Single Sign-On (SSO), Multi-Factor Authentication (MFA), lifecycle management, and directory integration, helping organizations streamline access control.
Okta extension scope
Okta extension allows users to add their Okta domains to collect Okta system logs to Log360. This extension provides features such as log collection, parsing, reporting, alerting, and advanced log search capabilities for monitoring web traffic and server performance.
Audited Okta events
Okta provides detailed logs for all actions that modify the Okta domain. These logs capture key system events, including changes to user accounts, groups, and applications.
Major logged events
User lifecycle management
User creation, modification, and deletion
Activation, deactivation, suspension, and unsuspension of user accounts
Group management
Creation and deletion of groups
User assignments to and removals from groups
Application management
Creation, update, integration, and deletion of applications
Assignment and removal of users from applications
How to configure Okta log source in Log360
Navigate to
Settings > Marketplace > Installed Extensions
to view the installed Okta extension.
Click
Manage
under configuration to open the
Manage Configuration
page.
To configure the Okta log source, click
Configure
to open the configuration page or navigate to
Settings → Applications → Other Applications.
In the
Display Name
field, enter a name for the Okta source in Log360
In the
Organization URL
field, enter the Okta domain (eg: exampledomain.okta.com )
Note
Please refer to
this document
to identify the Okta domain URL.
In the
Auth token
field, add the auth token associated with your Okta account. The auth token must be created by an admin who has access to view the system logs.
Note
Read-only administrator role is enough to fetch and display all the relevant Okta data in Log360.
Please refer to
this document
for the steps to create auth token in Okta
Viewing Okta reports
To view Okta reports, Navigate to
Reports → Custom Reports → Okta
Log360 provides the following out-of-the-box reports:
Okta Events
All Events
Important events (multi report mapping)
Password Reset
User Locked Out
Privileged Application Access
Request Blocked
User Audit Reports
User Authentication SSO
Privileged Application Access
User Locked Out
Suspicious Activity
Self Service Unlock
User Session Start
Password Reset
Request Blocked
User Management Reports
User Account Created
User Account Activated
User Account Deactivated
User Account Suspended
User Account Unsuspended
Configuration Reports
User Added to an Application
User Removed from an Application
Username Changed
User added to Group
User removed from Group
Application Events
Application Created
Application Updated
Application Deactivated
Application Activated
Application Deactivated