Overview
Demo
Pricing
Support
Sign Up
Login
Help Document
Overview
Setting up
Account setup
Starting Log360 Cloud
Supported log sources
Adding Syslog devices
Subscription
Prerequisites
Service Level Agreement (SLA)
Amazon Web Services (AWS)
Microsoft 365 Auto Configuration
Microsoft 365 Manual Configuration
Dashboard
Reports
Available Reports
Manage Predefined Reports
Manage Report Views
Custom Reports
Types of Report Views
Report Exporting
Schedule exports
Other report options
LDAP events
Advanced Active Directory reports
User Work Hours
Account lockout analyzer
Compliance Reports
Search
Search
Search tool
Save searches
Share searches
Export searches
Add or remove fields from the search results
Tagging tool
Cloud correlation
Understanding correlation
Generating correlation reports
Managing correlation rules
UEBA
Overview
What is UEBA
Architecture
Training phase of the Anomaly models
Data sources
Anomaly rules of UEBA
List of anomaly rules
Working with anomaly rules - view, manage and customize rules
Investigating anomalies
Dashboards
Adding users and entities to watchlists
Anomaly reports and alerts
Zia Insights
Overview
Using Zia Insights
Setting up Zia Insights
Invoking Zia Insights
Alerts
Creating alert profiles
View log alerts
Ticketing tool configuration
Manage profiles
Threat investigation
Incident Workbench
Overview
Access
User analytics
Process Analytics
Advanced Threat Analytics
Incident building
Device summary
Incident management
Incident management
Configuration settings
Devices
Applications
Overview
SQL Server
Oracle Server
Terminal Server
Syslog Application
Sysmon Application
Password Manager Pro
ITOM Solution
Exchange Reporter Plus
AD Audit Plus
Print Server
Malwarebytes
FireEye
Symantec Endpoint Protection
Symantec DLP
CEF Format
McAfee
Trend Micro
Manage Cloud Sources
Vulnerability data
vCenter
Threat management solutions
Threat Source
File Monitoring
File Integrity Monitoring
EMC Isilon
Synology NAS
EMC Server
Windows File Cluster
NetApp Server
QNAP NAS
Import log data
Admin settings
Manage Agents
Agent Settings
Log Source Groups
User management
Accounts Management
Configuring object level auditing
Configuring audit policies
Configuring Windows member server audit policies
Technician audit
Advanced Threat Analytics
Bulk actions for Agents
Privacy settings
Notification settings
Notification Templates
Working Hour Settings
Reload Archive Logs
My account settings
Product settings
Log Collection Filter
Custom log parsing
License
Storage Tiers
Overview
Configuring Storage Tiers
Managing Storage Tiers
Using Stats Analysis
Cloud Storage Estimator
Listener ports
Log forwarding
Developer space
Custom Widgets
Extension Profile Generation
Extension Builder
Marketplace
Installing Extensions
Compliance Extensions
Nginx
Veeam
MariaDB
Okta
Dropbox
MikroTik
MongoDB
Topsec
Sangfor
Ticketing tool integration
Jira Service Desk
ServiceDesk Plus
Zendesk
Cloud protection
Cloud Protection in Log360 Cloud
Gateway Cluster
Gateway Server
Prerequisites for Gateway Server configuration
Installing Gateway Server
Endpoint Configuration
Certificate Authority Configuration
Manage Certificate Trust Store
Two-way SSL Support
Manage Banned Applications
Manage Sanctioned Applications
Gateway Server Failover
Application Insight
User Access Insight
Cloud Access Reports
CASB application reports
Shadow Cloud Application Reports
Reports on Banned Cloud Applications
File Upload Reports
Threat Analytics in Cloud Protection
Regenerate Access Key
Troubleshooting gateway server errors
API Support
Teams
Overview
Managing Teams
MSSP Edition
Introduction
MSSP Account Setup
Dashboard
Manage Customers
Evaluation Customers
Customer Portal
Portal User Management
Customer Portal MFA
Centralized Technician audit
My Account Settings
Technician Management
License
Troubleshooting
Overview
WMI-based errors
Encryption at Rest (EAR)
Contact us
Related Products
Log360
Comprehensive SIEM and UEBA
Download
|
Demo
AD360
Integrated Identity & Access Management
Download
|
Demo
ADManager Plus
Active Directory Management & Reporting
Download
|
Demo
ADAudit Plus
Real-time Active Directory Auditing and UBA
Download
|
Demo
ADSelfService Plus
Self-Service Password Management
Download
|
Demo
EventLog Analyzer
Real-time Log Analysis & Reporting
Download
|
Demo
Exchange Reporter Plus
Exchange Server Auditing & Reporting
Download
|
Demo
Log360 Cloud
UEBA
Architecture
Training phase of the Anomaly models
In this page
Overview
Pre-requisites
Machine learning to detect anomalies
Time anomaly
Count anomaly
Pattern anomaly
Overview
This page outlines the prerequisites for using UEBA in Log360 Cloud and explains how its machine learning models detect different types of anomalies. It also includes the conditions required for the activation of this feature and how time-based, count-based, and pattern-based anomaly detection models are trained and applied.
Pre-requisites
Please note that the UEBA capability of Log360 Cloud is available only for the
Professional plan, Zoho One and MSSP
users. If you are not using either of these plans, upgrade your instance to these plans.
NOTE
: The machine learning model stops the intake of logs for analysis once the professional plan expires. All the trained data of the Time anomaly model will get deleted after 14 days post expiry of the plan and it will have to be re-trained again for anomaly detection once the plan is renewed.
Machine learning to detect anomalies
ManageEngine Log360 Cloud's UEBA uses unsupervised learning to detect anomalies. The training details for each type of anomaly detection method are as follows:
NOTE:
During the initial training phase, the machine learning model may produce false positives as it is still in the process of learning baseline behavior patterns. Over time, as the model processes more data and refines its understanding, the accuracy of anomaly detection improves and false positives are reduced.
Time-based anomalies:
Time-based anomalies are unusual data points that deviate significantly from the expected behavior. These anomalies are identified by analyzing data collected over time and looking for deviations from the established trends or other temporal patterns.
Here's a breakdown:
Data Points:
All logs that come in a span of 15 minutes will be considered as a data point. The UEBA module needs to be trained with
one day's worth of data
to understand and baseline the normal behavior of each user and entity with the actions associated with them.
Normal Behavior:
The normal, recurring patterns observed in the time series data
Deviation:
A data point or sequence of points that is noticeably different from this expected behavior.
Anomalies that can be detected based on this method:
Unusual login time, for instance. A user who usually logs in at 8 am suddenly logs in at 10 pm. Such deviations are flagged and notified as anomalies.
Count-based anomalies:
Count-based anomalies, also known as frequency-based anomalies, are anomalous data points that occur with an unusual frequency of events compared to the expected or normal count.
Here's a breakdown:
Data point:
For count-based anomaly detection, the UEBA module requires 14 data points for training. In this instance, a single data point represents logs collected over a 1-hour period.
Focus on how many:
Instead of looking at the value of data points (like in time-based anomalies), the module looks at
how often
something happens within one datapoint.
Unusual frequency:
An anomaly is detected when the number of occurrences is significantly higher than what's typically observed.
Anomalies that can be detected based on this method:
Logon Failures, for instance. The usual amount of logon failures faced by a host may be 5-10. A sudden spike in this number could hint at anomalous behavior, eventually surfacing as an attack like Brute Force attack.
Pattern-based anomalies:
Pattern-based anomalies are deviations from established sequences of event occurrences.
Unlike time and count anomalies which are focused on finding the anomalous data points based on the number of events that fall into a particular data point range, pattern-based anomalies involve a series of subsequent actions, as a whole.
Here's a breakdown:
Training phase:
To detect, pattern-based anomalies, UEBA module of Log360 Cloud should be trained with minimum of 2,000 events or, data amounting to approximately 7 days, whichever condition is met first.
Focus on Sequences:
These anomalies aren't about individual data points being odd, but rather the probability of such sequences to occur is very less.
Established Patterns:
These are the normal, repeating sequences or structures learned from historical data. This could involve specific orderings of events, co-occurrences, or cyclical behaviors.
Deviation in Sequence:
An anomaly occurs when the observed sequence in the event has less probability to occur from these learned patterns.
Anomalies that can be detected based on this method:
Usual devices for logins, for instance. A user usually logs in with specific machine- Host1, Host2, Host3 for example. If the same user deviates from this usual pattern of behavior and logs in into Host4 machine, this will be detected as a pattern anomaly since the usual sequence of his actions have been disrupted. Anomaly is detected in case of a sudden spike in usage of device(s)/machine(s) too. Example, if Host3 is usually a lesser used machine and all of a sudden its usage increases noticeably, then that will be detected as an anomaly as well.
NOTE:
In the cases of time and count anomaly detection there lies a limitation associated with the older logs. For instance, a scheduled job runs every hour to process events. If the job runs at 10:00 AM, it will fetch and process logs from the 8:00 AM to 9:00 AM window. Logs that arrive late (after processing for their corresponding time window has already started or completed) will be skipped and not processed. This will be seen in cases like:
Agent was down/didn't have connectivity for some time, and so the logs were uploaded late.
Storage is full, and logs get uploaded later when space becomes available.
If the log collection interval is itself greater than 1 hour.
If old logs are imported through the import flow.
Limitation with working days configurations:
If a user changes the working days configuration in the product with the UEBA feature already active, then all the previously trained models will be deleted by the ML model and the training has to be restarted again, post configuration. An error message pops-up like the below when such configuration changes are attempted:
Read also
This document elaborated the pre-requisites and the training phase of the anomaly models of Log360 Cloud's UEBA. For leveraging the capabilities of UEBA, refer the below articles:
Anomaly rules in UEBA
Investigating anomalies
© 2025 Zoho Corporation Pvt. Ltd. All rights reserved.