In this page
Overview
Functionalities of APIs
Steps to generate AuthToken
NOTICE
V1 APIs are deprecated. No new authentication tokens can be created for V1 APIs. Support for V1 APIs will continue until September 2026. We recommend migrating to V2 APIs.
Overview
ManageEngine Log360 provides REST Application Programming Interfaces (API) to enable seamless integration of its log management features with other applications. The API enables you to access the product from other applications and perform necessary log monitoring and analysis with ease.
NOTE
Tokens have admin access and can access all device data without any limitations.
Functionalities of APIs
API
Function
Get log sources
To get the list of log sources available in the product.
Get log fields
To get the list of parsed log fields from the processed logs.
Get log types
To get the list of all log types available in the product.
Synchronous search
To perform search in the product. All search results are obtained by the server before they are returned to the user.
Asynchronous search
The Search is performed in the background and the user is provided with a request ID. The status of the request can be monitored using the Jobs endpoint.
Jobs endpoint
To fetch or delete the status of all the running, failed or completed Asynchronous search, alert tasks.
Jobs Result endpoint
To fetch the search, alert results of the completed Asynchronous search tasks.
Get alert profiles
To get the list of all alert profiles available in the product.
Synchronous alerts
To get alerts data in product.
All alert results are obtained by the server before they are returned to the user.
Asynchronous alerts
The alert data retrieval is performed in the background and the user is provided with a request ID. The status of the request can be monitored using the Jobs endpoint.
Get Product Details
To get the product details.
Disable Device
To disable a log source.
Sync Incident Status/Severity using Ticket
To update an incident's status/severity based on the created ticket.
Export Incident using Ticket
To export an incident from a created ticket.
Disable Ticket Notification
To disable alert profile notification for ticketing tool connections.
Execute Workflow
To execute a predefined workflow.
Steps to generate AuthToken
To access APIs, you must generate an AuthToken. Follow these steps:
Login to the web console as an administrator.
Navigate to
Settings
tab. Under
Admin Settings
, select
API Settings.
Figure 1: Navigating to API Settings
In the
API Settings
window, click
Create New AuthToken
in the top-right corner.
Figure 2: Creating a new AuthToken
In the Generate AuthToken tab:
Click the
icon next to
Scopes
.
Figure 3: Selecting scopes
In the
Select Scopes
window, choose the APIs that the token should have access to by selecting the checkboxes next to the required scopes.
NOTE
Scopes define the APIs that can be accessed using the generated AuthToken. You can choose one or more APIs to be part of a scope.
Figure 4: Selecting scopes
Click
OK
to confirm your selection.
Figure 5: Selecting scopes
Set an expiry time for the AuthToken by clicking the
icon and selecting one of the predefined options, such as Never Expires, Today, Next 7 Days, Next 30 Days.
Figure 6: Setting expiry time
You can also choose a Custom Date and Time using the calendar and time picker.
Figure 7: Setting expiry time
Click
Create
to generate the token.
Figure 8: Generating an AuthToken
NOTE
Ensure that you copy the generated AuthToken immediately for integration with external applications. Since tokens cannot be retrieved once created, they can only be regenerated if required.
Read also
This page explained the available REST APIs in the product and steps to generate authentication tokens for external integrations.