In this page
Log360 Cloud Threat Analytics
Dark Web Monitoring
VirusTotal
Note
Please refer to the Incident Workbench Overview page to learn about the feature, and check the
Access
page to learn how to invoke the Incident Workbench from different dashboards of the product.
To access Advanced Threat Analytics data, you can click on any of the following fields that uniquely identify the external sources:
Domain analysis:
Domain
Canonical Name
Client Domain
URL Site
IP Analysis:
Remote DeviceIp
Source IP
Client IP Address
Server IP Address
Address
Destination IP
Device Ip
Remote Ip
Source Host Address
NAT Source Address
NAT Destination Address
Destination IP
Original Client IP
IP Address
Endpoint IP
Private Ip
Target Ip
Source Device
Target Machine
Destination Host Address
Target Device
URL Analysis:
Payload URL
Object Url
URL
The product supports the following vendors for the Advanced Threat Analytics in Incident Workbench:
Log360 Cloud Threat Analytics
Dark Web Monitoring
VirusTotal
Log360 Cloud Threat Analytics
This is the default integration from Log360Cloud suite, and can be accessed once the Advanced Threat Analytics add-on from the product is purchased.
Note:
Check out the
Advanced Threat Analytics
page to learn about the configuration and analysis.
Dark Web Monitoring
When you purchase Advanced Threat Analytics, you also gain access to Dark Web monitoring. You can use your domain to enable Dark Web monitoring. This feature actively scans for any compromise of user data on the Dark Web and sends alerts. Compromised data can include credentials, credit card information, and more. With this information, the security analyst can gain insight into the depth of the breach and the type of information that has been breached.
VirusTotal
This is a third-party threat feed integration, and follows the Bring Your Own Key (BYOK) model. If you have purchased VirusTotal access separately or if you own a public API key for free, you can use your the key and get the threat analytics information in the product.
Note:
Check out the
Advanced Threat Analytics
page to learn about the configuration and analysis.
Note
Minimize the tab to access the Incident Workbench while you traverse through different pages in the product. As long as you don't close the workbench, the analysis will be available even if you log out of the product and login again. You can also
save it to an existing incident
or create a new one.