Automatic Syslog Device Addition
Prerequisite
: Click
here
to configure the syslog services on your device.
When syslogs are forwarded to the product installed server (applicable for on-oprem) or agent installed machine (applicable for on-prem and on-demand), syslog devices can be added automatically. This capability is particularly useful for adding multiple syslog devices without requiring manual involvement.
How it works:
When a syslog packet reaches the EventLog Analyzer server, it attempts to determine the source IP address and resolve it to a corresponding name.
If resolution is successful : The syslog device will be added with a resolved hostname.
If resolution is unsuccessful : The syslog device will be added using the IP address.
Note
Make sure that the default ports : UDP- 513,514 , TCP- 514 are open in inbound rules of the firewall.
To configure the TLS ports, click here.
If the source IP address or resolved hostname already exists in the database, incoming logs will be associated with that device.
Manual Syslog Device Addition
In the
Manage Devices
page, navigate to the
Syslog Devices
tab and click on the
+Add Device(s)
button.
Enter the device name or IP address in the
Device(s)
field and click on the
Add
button. Follow the steps below to discover and add the Syslog devices in your network automatically:
Click on the
Discover & Add
link in the
Add Syslog Devices
window. You can discover the Syslog devices in your network based on the
IP range
(Start IP to End IP) or
CIDR
.
Enter the
Start IP
and
End IP
or the
CIDR
range in order to discover the Syslog devices and click on
Next
.
Pick the
SNMP credentials
to automatically discover the Syslog devices in your network. By default, the public SNMP credentials can be used to scan the Syslog devices in your network.
You may also add an SNMP credential by clicking on the
+Add Credential
button. Once you pick the SNMP credential, click on the
Scan
button to automatically discover the Syslog devices in the specified IP or CIDR range.
Select the device(s) by clicking on the respective checkbox(es). You can easily search for a device using the search box or by filtering based on the Device Type and Vendor.
Click on the
Add Device(s)
button to add the devices for monitoring.
Once a Unix device has been added, you will be prompted to Configure Auto Log Forward.
Note
Refer
here
to configure Auto Log forwarding manually for other devices.
Relay Server Configuration
Usecase:
Multiple syslog devices deliver packets to a single central syslog server, which then forwards them to the EventLog Analyzer server.
How it works:
Prerequisite:
Forwarded syslogs should adhere to standard RFC 3164 and the corresponding Relay server configuration must be enabled in EventLog Analyzer.
Sample Log
- <34>Oct 18 22:00:15 rootmachine su: 'su root' failed for test on /dev/pts/
Note
The hostname (
rootmachine
) is parsed from the syslog packet and the syslog device is added with the hostname.
If the hostname is already present in the database, then the logs will be mapped to that device.
The syslog device can be Unix, Cisco, Fortinet, Palto Alto,etc.
DHCP Configuration
Usecase:
When the IP addresses of syslog devices change frequently due to DHCP, a new device is added with a new IP address whenever the IP changes and if the name cannot be resolved.
How it works:
Prerequisite:
Forwarded syslogs from all the syslog devices to Eventlog Analyzer should adhere to standard RFC 3164 and the corresponding DHCP configuration must be enabled in EventLog Analyzer.
Sample Log
- <34>Oct 18 22:00:15 rootmachine su: 'su root' failed for test on /dev/pts/8
Note
The hostname(
rootmachine
) is parsed from the syslog packet and the syslog device is added with the hostname.
If the hostname is already present in the database, then the logs will be mapped to the respective device.