In this page
Understanding the working of risk posture
Risk posture describes an organization's overall ability to identify, assess, and respond to security risks. It requires a comprehensive review of the environment, including users, devices, network elements, configurations, and any stored information that could be exposed, along with an assessment of current security practices and software against known attack techniques.
Log360 currently supports risk posture assessments for the following sources:
Active Directory
SQL Server
Understanding the working of risk posture
Risk posture in Log360 is evaluated using
pre-defined risk rules
. These rules are derived from the
CIS Benchmarks
, which outline industry-accepted best practices for securing systems and applications. Each rule acts as a compliance criterion against which configurations of supported sources, such as Active Directory and SQL Server, are validated.
Each rule in risk posture is assigned a status that reflects whether the configuration complies with the defined baseline:
Status
Description
Example
Low/No Risk
This status informs that the selected source's configurations have met the recommended/user set compliance value as per their norms.
Click
Learn More
to view associated vulnerability details, best practices, and recommendations.
High Risk
This status informs that the selected source's configurations have not met the recommended/pre-defined compliance standards set by the user or organization.
Click
How to fix it
to see the identified vulnerability, review CIS best practices, and implement the suggested fix.
Unable to Verify
This status informs that the Log360 server was unable to fetch the required data needed for analyzing the specific rule. It can be due to the following reasons.
Insufficient domain details
Access denied for SYSVOL folder.
SQL Server down
Insufficient server details/user credentials
Read also
This section explained how risk posture helps assess and monitor your organization's security configurations. To learn more about related capabilities, refer to the following articles:
Risk analysis