In Log360 Cloud, you can install a gateway server with the following steps:
Login to your
Log360 Cloud
account.
Go to
Settings → Configuration → Cloud Protection Settings
.
Under
Server
, click on
Gateway Servers
.
Click on
Install Gateway Server
.
Download the
MSI installer
by clicking the
Download Cloud Protection Gateway
button.
Once downloaded, double-click the
Log360Cloud-CP-Gateway.msi
file.
Follow the steps in the gateway installation wizard. If your environment requires a proxy, enter the proxy details in the appropriate field. If not, proceed with a direct connection.
Copy the
Access Key
, paste it into the installation wizard, and click
OK
.
Once the installation process is complete, the gateway server will communicate with Log360 Cloud to sync the configuration details.
Click the button to close the
Install Gateway Server
pop-up, then click the
Refresh
button in the top right corner to update the status.
If DPI is disabled, the CA Certificate does not need to be installed. However, if DPI is enabled or set to mixed mode, users are required to install the
CA Certificate
on their endpoint machines to ensure secure communication between the gateway server and other endpoint devices.
Configure proxy settings, in endpoint machines, for network traffic routing. For more details, refer to this
page
.
Steps to update Gateway Server
Open your system's Control Panel.
Uninstall ManageEngine Log360Cloud - Cloud Protection Gateway program.
Download the new gateway server and install using the steps given above.
Steps to update Proxy Settings
In the machine running the gateway server, go to
Services.msc
and stop the
ManageEngine Log360Cloud - Cloud Protection Gateway
Service.
Run the Command Prompt as administrator at
<Gateway Server installation location>\bin
(The default location is C:\Program Files\ManageEngine\ManageEngine Log360 Cloud - Cloud Protection Gateway\bin), and execute the
EditProxySettings.bat file
.
This will open Proxy Settings popup. In the window, update your proxy settings and click Save.
Now go to Services.msc and restart the
ManageEngine Log360Cloud - Cloud Protection Gateway
service.