In this page
Overview
Actions available
Filter and search
Overview
The
manage custom functions
page lists all functions created in Log360 Cloud along with their status, language, output type, version, and last modified time. From this page, administrators can edit, clone, or delete existing functions.
This page also helps identify the functions currently associated with playbooks or custom widgets, ensuring you have full visibility into all deployed scripts and their usage.
Actions available
View function details
Click the function name to open the details pane. This pane displays the function's description, input parameters and output type. You can also view the details of the associations of this function.
You can customize the columns in the details displayed by clicking on the add columns icon
. Below are the available details you can choose to add column(s) for:
Description:
Displays the description of the function added during its creation.
Language:
Shows the scripting language used to write the function (Python or Deluge).
Associated with:
Displays the module name with which the function associated with.
Created by:
Lists the user who created the function.
Created time:
Displays the timestamp when the function was first created.
Last modified by:
Shows the user who last edited the function.
Last modified time:
Displays the latest update timestamp for the function.
Status:
Indicates whether the function is in draft, deployed, or in a disabled state. Each custom function is labeled with one of the following statuses:
Yet to Deploy:
The function has been created but not deployed. It cannot be associated with any playbook or widget.
Deployed:
The function is active and can be associated with playbooks or widgets.
Image : Viewing the function details in the product
Edit a function
Click on the
Edit
icon
available beside the respective function.
Image : Editing a custom function
Modify the name, description, inputs, or code logic in the editor. Any changes made to the name, input parameters, or output types are reflected in the code editor and take effect only after updating the function code.
Click on
Deploy and Execute
to apply the changes.
NOTE
Editing a deployed function invalidates its previous deployment. Redeploy the function for the updated version to take effect.
Clone a function
Click on the
Clone
icon
beside an existing function.
Image : Cloning a custom function
Optional
- Enter a new name for the cloned function. If no change is made, the name is saved by default as "
(Name of the cloned function)_Copy
"
The cloned function inherits all configurations from the original, allowing you to make changes without affecting the existing one. Only library functions that are installed from the built-in section can be cloned.
NOTE
Predefined functions imported from the library cannot be edited directly. To modify one you must clone it and make the required changes.
Delete a function
NOTE
A function associated with a playbook or custom widget cannot be deleted until the association is removed manually from the module(s) of association.
Click on the
Delete
icon
beside the function.
The
Confirm Deletion
dialog box appears as shown below. Click on
Proceed
.
In case the custom function is still associated with other modules, the below pop-up appears instead.
Image : Deleting a custom function
Click on
Associated details
. The
Custom Functions Associations
pane slides open displaying the list of all modules associated with this particular function.
Image : Deleting a custom function
Filter and search
You can use the search and filter options at the top of the page to quickly locate a function based on its:
Language
(Python or Deluge)
Status
(Deployed or Yet to deploy)
Name
or
Description
keywords
Image : Manage custom functions page showing the list of all created functions with filter and action icons
Read also
This document explained how to manage custom functions in Log360 Cloud. For more understanding and related capabilities, refer to the below help documents:
Custom Functions Overview
Functions Library
Create custom functions