In this page
Overview
Accessing log sources
Overview
The Log Sources page provides a centralized view of all configured log sources in your environment. It helps you monitor the status, activity, and log collection details of every integrated source from a single interface.
The Log Sources page includes the following sub-tabs:
Devices - Displays on-premises systems and network devices configured for log collection.
Applications - Lists configured application log sources and their log collection timelines.
Cloud Sources - Shows integrated cloud platforms and their log retrieval details.
File Integrity Monitoring (FIM) - Monitor all changes, such as creation, deletion, modification, permission changes, renaming made to files and folders in Windows and Linux systems.
Accessing Log Sources
Click
Log Sources
in the top-right corner of the dashboard. You can also click
View All Devices
to access
Log Sources.
Figure 1: Accessing Log Sources in the dashboard
In the
Log Sources
page, four sub-tabs will appear:
Devices
Applications
Cloud sources
File Integrity Monitoring (FIM)
Figure 2: Sub-tabs of Log Sources
Devices
Follow these steps to view and manage the devices configured for log collection:
In the
Device(s)
tab. Use the filter drop-down at the top to choose one of the following options:
All Devices:
Displays all configured devices.
Active Devices:
Shows devices that are currently sending logs.
Enabled Devices:
Displays devices that are currently enabled for log collection.
Figure 3: Selecting devices
You can also select the checkbox
Exclude Synced Devices
to hide devices that are already synchronized with other Log360 components.
NOTE
Excluded Synced Devices is only applicable for Log360
Figure 4: Excluding synced devices
Click the
icon to add or remove additional columns from the table view as needed.
Select the checkbox next to the columns you want to add, and then click
Apply
to update the table view.
Figure 5: Adding columns to the table
The table includes the following fields:
Device:
Displays the name of the device or IP address.
Event Count:
Shows the total number of events received from the device. Click
Show All
view the following event details categorized by severity.
Error:
Indicates the number of error logs generated from the device.
Failure:
Displays the number of failure-related logs.
Warning:
Shows the count of warning-level logs from the device.
Others:
Displays the count of logs that do not fall under error, failure, or warning categories.
NOTE
Log severity levels vary based on the log source type. Common severity levels that may appear under Others include:
Syslog severity levels: Emergency, Alert, Critical, Notice, Information, Debug
Windows severity levels: Information and Success.
Figure 6: Viewing events categorized by severity
Last Message Time:
Indicates the timestamp of the most recent log message received from the device.
IP Address:
Displays the IP address associated with the device.
Device Type:
Shows the operating system or type of device
Last Scan On:
Displays the date and time when the last device scan was performed.
Next Scan On
: Displays the scheduled time for the next scan, if applicable.
Monitoring Interval:
Indicates whether the device is monitored in real time or at specific intervals.
Status:
Displays the current state of log collection for each device.
Click
Show Name
to view the device name.
Figure 7: Viewing device name
You can also click
Show IP
to display the device's IP address instead.
Figure 8: Viewing IP
You can also click
Hide
to remove the event count categorized by severity.
Figure 9: Hiding event count categorized by severity
Use the
Search
icon to locate a specific device by name quickly or IP address.
Figure 10: Locating a specific device
Hover next to the
Last Message Time
column to view the
Last 10 Events
option.
Figure 11: Viewing last 10 events
The
Last 10 Events
displays the ten most recent events received from the selected device.
Figure 12: Viewing last 10 events
In the
Last 10 Events
collected window, you can see event details such as,
Time:
Displays the exact timestamp when the event occurred.
Event ID:
Indicates the unique identifier assigned to the event.
Source:
Specifies the application or service that generated the event.
Severity:
Represents the criticality level of the event.
Type:
Denotes the category or classification of the event.
Facility
: Identifies the system process or component that produced the event.
Message:
Provides a brief description or summary of the event details.
Click the icon to customize the view. Select the checkbox next to the fields you want to display and click Apply to update the table.
Figure 13: Adding or removing columns
To modify your list of devices, click
Manage Devices
to add, edit, or remove device configurations.
Click the
icon to refresh the device list and view the latest event and monitoring data.
Figure 14: Refreshing log sources
Click
Export
as to download the list of devices in
CSV
or
PDF
.
Figure 15: Exporting devices
When you select an option, the export will begin and the below pop-up appears.
Click the
icon to view the export history. Click
Download
to retrieve the exported file or
Clear
to delete it.
Figure 16: Viewing export history
Applications
The Applications tab displays all configured application log sources. From this tab, you can view the import timeline for each application, including when log collection started, when it ended, and when the logs were last imported, along with the total log count.
Follow these steps to view and manage the application log sources:
Click the
icon to narrow down the list of application log sources.
You can filter by selecting
Log Source Type
or
Log Source Group
. By default, the filter is set to
All
, displaying every application log source.
Figure 17: Filtering application log sources
Select
Clear Filter
to reset the view.
Figure 18: Clearing filters
Use the
icon to locate a specific application by the device name or IP.
Figure 19: Locating an application
Click
Show IP
to display the IP address associated with the device.
Figure 20: Viewing IP associated with the device
You can also click
Show Name
to display the name associated with the device.
Figure 21: Viewing device name
The table includes the following fields:
Device:
Displays the device name or IP address associated with the application.
Log Source Type:
Shows the type of application or log format configured for collection.
Imported Time:
Indicates when logs were last imported.
Start Time:
Displays when the log collection or import process began.
End Time:
Displays when the log collection or import process ended, if applicable.
Total Count:
Shows the total number of logs collected from the application.
To modify your list of application log sources, click
Manage Applications
to add, edit, or remove configurations.
Figure 22: Managing applications
Click the
icon to update the application list and view the most recent data.
Figure 23: Reloading application data
If applicable, click
Import Logs
to manually upload application log files.
Figure 24: Importing logs
Click the
icon to add or remove columns from the table.
Select the checkbox next to the fields you want to display and click
Apply
to update the table view.
Figure 25: Adding or removing columns
Click the value under
Total Count
to open the
Application Event Details
window and view the events collected for that application.
Figure 26: Viewing application event details
The Application Event Details window displays the following fields:
Time:
Shows the exact timestamp when the event occurred.
Message:
Provides a brief description or summary of the event content.
Figure 27: Viewing application event details
Click the
icon to customize the event details table.
Select the checkboxes for the fields you want to display and click
Apply
to update the view.
Figure 28: Adding or removing columns
In the
Application Event Details
window, Click
Export
as to download the event details in
CSV
or
PDF
format.
Figure 29: Exporting event details
After initiating an export, click the
icon to view past exports.You can
Download
an exported file or click
Clear
to remove it from the history.
Figure 30: Viewing report export history
Click the
icon to show a search field above the
Message
column for filtering events by message.
Figure 31: Using search
Click the
icon to close the search field and click the
icon to remove the applied search filter.
To return to the previous window, click
Close
.
Cloud sources
The Cloud Sources tab displays all configured cloud-based log sources. From this tab, you can view details such as the data source, tenant name, log count, data fetch interval, last scan time, last message time, and the status of log collection.
Follow these steps to view and manage cloud log sources:
Use the
icon to locate a specific cloud source by data source type.
Figure 32: Locating cloud sources
Click
Manage Cloud Sources
to add, edit, or remove cloud source configurations.
Figure 33: Managing cloud sources
Click the
icon to add or remove columns from the table. Select the checkboxes for the fields you want to display and click
Apply
to update the table.
Figure 34: Adding or removing columns
Click the
icon to reload the table.
Figure 35: Refreshing the table
The table includes the following fields:
Data Source:
Displays the cloud service or platform from which logs are collected.
Name:
Displays the tenant or integration associated with the cloud source.
Count:
Indicates the total number of logs collected.
Data Fetch Interval:
Displays how often logs are retrieved from the cloud source.
Last Scan Time:
Shows the most recent time the cloud source was scanned for logs.
Last Message Time:
Displays the timestamp of the most recent event received.
Status:
Indicates the status of log collection.
Hover next to the
Last Message Time
value to access the
Last 10 Events
option and view the most recent events collected for that cloud source.
Figure 36: Viewing last 10 events
In the
Last 10 Events
window, click the
icon to customize the fields shown in the event details table. Select the required checkboxes and click
Apply
to update the view.
Figure 37: Adding or removing columns
To return to the
Cloud Sources
tab, click
Close
.
File Integrity Monitoring
Click
Select Devices
redirects you to the File Monitoring page. Refer to
this
page for detailed steps on configuring and managing file monitoring.
Figure 38: File integrity monitoring
Read also
This page explained how to monitor and manage configured log sources, including devices, applications, cloud integrations, and file integrity monitoring. For more information on related dashboard features, refer to:
Dashboard overview
Predefined tabs and widgets