In this page
Overview
Accessing Investigation Agent
Overview
The Investigation Agent in Log360 uses the same AI configuration as Zia Insights. You can enable the capability using either Azure OpenAI or OpenAI. Only one provider can be active at a time, and all AI-driven investigation features will rely on the currently enabled model.
This page explains how to access the Investigation Agent and the configuration steps required to configure Azure OpenAI or OpenAI.
Accessing Investigation Agent
Log in to the product console.
Go to the
Settings
tab, and select
Admin
.
Navigate to
Zia
and select
Configuration
.
Figure 1: Navigating to Zia
In the Zia page, choose either
Azure OpenAI
or
OpenAI
and click
Configure Now.
NOTE
Only one provider can be enabled at a time.
Figure 2: Configuring AI service
A configuration window appears.
If you select Azure OpenAI, enter the following details obtained from your Azure Portal:
Endpoint URL
DeploymentName
API Key
NOTE
Refer to the following pages to configure Azure OpenAI:
Creating an Azure OpenAI resource
Steps to obtain Endpoint URL and API key
Deploying a model in Azure OpenAI
Figure 3: Configuring Azure OpenAI
Click
Save
to complete the initial setup.
If you select OpenAI, select the
Model
from the dropdown.
Figure 4: Selecting a model
Enter the API Key.
NOTE
Refer to
this
section to configure OpenAI.
Figure 5: Entering API key
Click
Save
to complete the initial setup.
After configuring Azure OpenAI or OpenAI:
Use the Insights toggle to enable or disable the Investigation Agent.
NOTE
You may enable both Insights and Investigation, or only one, based on your requirements.
Figure 6: Enabling/ disabling investigation agent
When you enable
Investigation Agent
, a pop-up window appears displaying the data privacy notice. Read the notice carefully, select the checkbox to acknowledge the terms, and then click
Proceed
to continue.
NOTE
To generate AI-powered insights and investigation results, the processes contextual data associated with logs, alerts, and entities. This includes the following types of information:
User-related information: usernames, account names, email, phone number, department, group names, mailgroups, mailbox names, company names, user information, and security ID (SID).
Device and directory information: hostnames, computer names, domain, distinguished path of AD object, and AD object names.
Network and location information: IP address, region, and country.
Request and URL information: URL links, HTTP requests, and HTTP request parameters.
Application and database information: database name.
This data is processed only to support contextual analysis, correlation, investigation workflows, and remediation guidance within the product.
Figure 7: Data privacy note for Azure OpenAI
Figure 8: Data privacy note for OpenAI
To switch between
Azure OpenAI
and
OpenAI
, use the toggle to disable the currently active provider.
Figure 9: Switching between AI services
A confirmation pop-up will appear. Click
Yes
to disable, and then configure the other provider.
Figure 10: Switching between AI services
To
delete
a configuration, select
Delete existing Azure/OpenAI configuration
and click
Yes
to confirm your deletion.
Figure 11: Deleting AI configuration
NOTE
If you attempt to configure another provider while one is already enabled, the existing provider will be disabled automatically.
Figure 12: Configuring AI service
In the confirmation pop-up that appears, click Proceed to continue with the new configuration.
Figure 13: Configuring AI service
Read also:
This page explained how to configure and enable the Investigation Agent. To learn how to invoke investigations within the product, refer to:
Invoking Investigation Agent