In this page
Overview
Exporting the MSSQL certificate
Importing the certificate into Log360's JRE
Updating SQL configuration in Log360
Overview
In environments where Microsoft SQL Server is configured with **Force Encryption**, all client connections must use SSL/TLS to ensure secure communication. To connect successfully in this setup, Log360 must be able to verify and trust the SSL certificate used by the SQL Server instance.
Log360 runs on Java and uses a built-in certificate repository called the cacerts file (Java's default truststore) to validate SSL certificates. If the SQL Server certificate is not present in this repository, the connection will fail due to certificate validation errors.
To establish a secure connection, you must export the certificate from SQL Server and import it into the Log360 JRE's cacerts file before configuring the database connection. This document walks you through the required steps.
If
Force Encryption
is enabled in the
SQL Server Configuration Manager
, the MSSQL certificate must be imported into the Log360's JRE.
Follow the steps below to export the certificate from SQL Server and import it into the JRE.
Figure 1: Force encryption enabled in SQL Server Configuration Manager
Exporting the MSSQL certificate
Open
SQL Server Configuration Manager.
Navigate to
SQL Server Network Configuration
, right-click
Protocols
for
MSSQLSERVER
, and click
Properties
.
Open the
Certificate
tab and select the installed certificate from the dropdown.
Click
View
to open the
Certificate wizard.
Go to the
Details
tab and select
Copy to File.
In the
Certificate Export Wizard,
choose to export the certificate without the private key.
Select
DER encoded binary X.509 (.CER)
and complete the export.
Figure 2: Exporting MSSQL certificate
Importing the certificate into Log360's JRE
Open command prompt in admin mode and navigate to
<PRODUCT_HOME>/jre/bin/
Run the following command:
Copy
keytool -import -alias <cert_name> -keystore ../lib/security/cacerts -file <path-to-certificate-file>
Replace
<cert_name>
with the certificate name.
Replace
<path-to-certificate-file>
with the path to the certificate file.
When prompted, enter the password:
changeit
.
Example:
Ensure the file path is enclosed in double quotes.
Copy
keytool -import -alias certificate.crt -keystore ../lib/security/cacerts -file "C:\Users\test\Downloads\certificate.crt"
Updating SQL configuration in Log360
In the
ChangeDBServer Configuration
window, select
SSL Connection
.
To migrate existing data, select
Migrate Existing data
.
Click
Test Connection
to verify the setup.
Click
Configure DB
to save the SQL Server configuration. The configuration process may take a few minutes.
The product will restart automatically once the configuration is complete.
Figure 3: DB configuration
NOTE
Import the certificate into the JRE cacerts file before opening the ChangeDBServer Configuration UI when Force Encryption is enabled.
Figure 4: SSL certificate warning in ChangeDBServer configuration
If the certificate is imported after the configuration pop-up appears, close and relaunch the ChangeDB Server Configuration.
The following error will persist until the UI is restarted.
Figure 5: PKIX error indicating an untrusted certificate
Read also:
This page explains how to enable secure MSSQL connections using SSL certificates. To learn more about related migrations, refer to:
MySQL to MSSQL Migration
Migrating data from MSSQL to PostgreSQL