MongoDB is a NoSQL, document-oriented database that stores data in flexible, JSON-like BSON format, enabling high scalability and performance. It supports powerful querying, indexing, and real-time analytics, making it ideal for modern applications. With features like replication, sharing, and built-in security, MongoDB is widely used for cloud-based and big data applications.
MongoDB extension scope
The MongoDB extension for Log360Cloud enables integration of MongoDB logs into the Log360 Cloud ecosystem. This extension provides features such as log collection, parsing, reporting, alerting, correlation, and advanced log search capabilities.
Configure auditing in MongoDB server:
Note
This procedure has been added based on the official
MongoDB configuration document
. This extension supports MongoDB Enterprise Server Versions above 5.0
1. Open the MongoDB configuration file
Navigate to the bin folder of MongoDB and open the
mongod.cfg
configuration file using a text editor.
2. Enable audit logging
To enable auditing in Mongodb:
Remove the '#' symbol before
auditLog
:
Enter the destination, format, path of your audit-log file and filter:
Save the file.
Copy
auditLog:
destination: file
format: JSON
path: /var/log/mongodb/auditLog.json
filter: '{ "param.command": { $nin: ["hello","isMaster","dbStats" ] } }'
Note
The params ("hello","isMaster","dbStats" ) are neglected in authCheck for better performance as they are Database Operation logs. Hence, it is recommended to add the filter.
3. Enable authorization success auditing
To generate DML audit logs, MongoDB must capture successful authorization events. By default, MongoDB only audits authorization failures. To enable auditing for successful authorization events, add:
Copy
setParameter:
auditAuthorizationSuccess: true
Note
Enabling auditAuthorizationSuccess degrades the performance of MongoDB.
4. Restart the MongoDB service
After making the configuration changes, restart the MongoDB service for them to take effect. You can do this by opening the
Services
console and restarting the active
MongoDB
service. Alternatively, open command prompt as an administrator and execute the following commands:
For Windows:
net stop MongoDB
net start MongoDB
For Linux:
service mongod stop
service mongod start
Configuring MongoDB in Log360 Cloud
Note
Refer to the Import Logs document for the step-by-step procedure.
After installing the MongoDB extension in Log360 Cloud, configure the scheduled import for the
auditLog
file from the MongoDB server file path.
Navigate to
Settings → Configuration → Log Source Configuration → Import Logs → From Device
Follow this step when Log Rotation is not configured:
Import the current
auditLog.json
file (example: data/db/auditLog.json). Ensure that the correct file path is selected during configuration.
Follow this step when Log Rotation is configured:
Choose the rotated log file to import (example: audilLog.json.2025-03-18T04-55-18).
Specify sthe file pattern of the rotated file in
Advanced Settings
.
Sample pattern: auditLog.json.${yyyy}-${MM}-${dd}T${HH}-${mm}-${ss}
Schedule the file import interval to align with MongoDB’s audit log rotation interval for better log synchronization. For example, if the audit log rotates every 10 minutes, set the file import to run at the same interval to ensure seamless synchronization.
Note
If log rotation has not been configured previously, refer to
Rotate Log Files – MongoDB Manual v8.0
to set it up, especially if you need to enable rotation for your audit log file.
Audited events
Here are the types of audited events captured from MongoDB in Log360 Cloud:
Category
Events
DDL auditing
Database created, Database dropped, Collection created, Collection dropped, Collection renamed, Index created, Index dropped, DDL summary
DML auditing
Select queries, Insert queries, Update queries, Delete queries, Aggregation queries, Meta data queries, DML summary
Execution analysis
Failed queries
Auditing account management
Role created, Role dropped, Role updated, Grant operations, Revoke operations, Password changed, User created, User dropped, User updated,
Failed account management queries
Logon events
User logon, Failed user logon, User logoff, Logon/logoff trends
Server events
Startup, Shutdown
Viewing MongoDB reports
To view MongoDB reports, navigate to the
Reports
tab and select
MongoDB
from the
Custom Reports
sub-tab.
Enable MongoDB correlation rules
To view the correlation rules, navigate to the
Correlation
tab ->
Manage Rules
.
In the Manage Rules page, select
MongoDB
as the
Rule Category
to filter out the related correlation rules. You can enable them manually by selecting the rule and clicking on
Activate
in the
Rule Status
column.
Enabling MongoDB Alerts
To view the Alerts, navigate to the
Alerts
tab ->
Manage Alert Profiles
.
In the
Manage Alert Profiles
page, select
Custom Alert Profiles
as the
Alert Profile Type
. Click the search icon and add MongoDB to filter out the alert profile(s). Select the profile(s) and click the green check mark icon
to enable the alert profile.
To associate the log source, click the edit icon to open the
Edit Alert Profile
window. In the
Log Source
field, click the add button and select the configured log source for
MongoDB
. Click
Update
to save the changes.