Overview
Demo
Pricing
Support
Sign Up
Login
Help Document
Overview
Setting up
Account setup
Starting Log360 Cloud
Supported log sources
Adding Syslog devices
Subscription
Prerequisites
Service Level Agreement (SLA)
Amazon Web Services (AWS)
Microsoft 365 Auto Configuration
Microsoft 365 Manual Configuration
Dashboard
Reports
Available Reports
Manage Predefined Reports
Manage Report Views
Custom Reports
Types of Report Views
Report Exporting
Schedule exports
Other report options
LDAP events
Advanced Active Directory reports
User Work Hours
Account lockout analyzer
Compliance Reports
Search
Search
Search tool
Save searches
Share searches
Export searches
Add or remove fields from the search results
Tagging tool
Cloud correlation
Understanding correlation
Generating correlation reports
Managing correlation rules
UEBA
Overview
What is UEBA
Architecture
Training phase of the Anomaly models
Data sources
Anomaly rules of UEBA
List of anomaly rules
Working with anomaly rules - view, manage and customize rules
Investigating anomalies
Dashboards
Adding users and entities to watchlists
Anomaly reports and alerts
Zia Insights
Overview
Using Zia Insights
Setting up Zia Insights
Invoking Zia Insights
Alerts
Creating alert profiles
View log alerts
Ticketing tool configuration
Manage profiles
Threat investigation
Incident Workbench
Overview
Access
User analytics
Process Analytics
Advanced Threat Analytics
Incident building
Device summary
Incident management
Incident management
Configuration settings
Devices
Applications
Overview
SQL Server
Oracle Server
Terminal Server
Syslog Application
Sysmon Application
Password Manager Pro
ITOM Solution
Exchange Reporter Plus
AD Audit Plus
Print Server
Malwarebytes
FireEye
Symantec Endpoint Protection
Symantec DLP
CEF Format
McAfee
Trend Micro
Manage Cloud Sources
Vulnerability data
vCenter
Threat management solutions
Threat Source
File Monitoring
File Integrity Monitoring
EMC Isilon
Synology NAS
EMC Server
Windows File Cluster
NetApp Server
QNAP NAS
Import log data
Admin settings
Manage Agents
Agent Settings
Log Source Groups
User management
Accounts Management
Configuring object level auditing
Configuring audit policies
Configuring Windows member server audit policies
Technician audit
Advanced Threat Analytics
Bulk actions for Agents
Privacy settings
Notification settings
Notification Templates
Working Hour Settings
Reload Archive Logs
My account settings
Product settings
Log Collection Filter
Custom log parsing
License
Storage Tiers
Overview
Configuring Storage Tiers
Managing Storage Tiers
Using Stats Analysis
Cloud Storage Estimator
Listener ports
Log forwarding
Developer space
Custom Widgets
Extension Profile Generation
Extension Builder
Marketplace
Installing Extensions
Compliance Extensions
Nginx
Veeam
MariaDB
Okta
Dropbox
MikroTik
MongoDB
Topsec
Sangfor
Ticketing tool integration
Jira Service Desk
ServiceDesk Plus
Zendesk
Cloud protection
Cloud Protection in Log360 Cloud
Gateway Cluster
Gateway Server
Prerequisites for Gateway Server configuration
Installing Gateway Server
Endpoint Configuration
Certificate Authority Configuration
Manage Certificate Trust Store
Two-way SSL Support
Manage Banned Applications
Manage Sanctioned Applications
Gateway Server Failover
Application Insight
User Access Insight
Cloud Access Reports
CASB application reports
Shadow Cloud Application Reports
Reports on Banned Cloud Applications
File Upload Reports
Threat Analytics in Cloud Protection
Regenerate Access Key
Troubleshooting gateway server errors
API Support
Teams
Overview
Managing Teams
MSSP Edition
Introduction
MSSP Account Setup
Dashboard
Manage Customers
Evaluation Customers
Customer Portal
Portal User Management
Customer Portal MFA
Centralized Technician audit
My Account Settings
Technician Management
License
Troubleshooting
Overview
WMI-based errors
Encryption at Rest (EAR)
Contact us
Related Products
Log360
Comprehensive SIEM and UEBA
Download
|
Demo
AD360
Integrated Identity & Access Management
Download
|
Demo
ADManager Plus
Active Directory Management & Reporting
Download
|
Demo
ADAudit Plus
Real-time Active Directory Auditing and UBA
Download
|
Demo
ADSelfService Plus
Self-Service Password Management
Download
|
Demo
EventLog Analyzer
Real-time Log Analysis & Reporting
Download
|
Demo
Exchange Reporter Plus
Exchange Server Auditing & Reporting
Download
|
Demo
Log360 Cloud
Configuration settings
File Monitoring
EMC Isilon
EMC Isilon file monitoring
Dell EMC Isilon is a scale-out network-attached storage (NAS) platform designed to manage and store large volumes of unstructured data, providing high performance and scalability for data-intensive workloads. The integration of Isilon with Log360 Cloud enhances security and operational insights.
Supported versions
OneFS OS versions 7.0 and above.
Audited events
Log360 Cloud audits every successful and failed attempt to perform the following file activities:
Create
Read
Rename
Write
Delete
Permission changes
This guide provides the steps on configuring real-time change auditing for your EMC Isilon cluster using Log360 Cloud.
Required privileges
Certain minimum privileges are required to ensure the effective functioning of Log360 Cloud while auditing your EMC Isilon nodes. Create a dedicated Log360 Cloud Isilon user account and provide it with the below privileges.
Provide these privileges with read-only access
ID: ISI_PRIV_LOGIN_SSH
ID: ISI_PRIV_AUTH
ID: ISI_PRIV_NETWORK
Provide this privilege with read and write access:
ID: ISI_PRIV_AUDIT
Note
: To enable LogForwarding, it is essential to grant ISI_PRIV_AUDIT with both read and write permissions. However, if you choose to use Manual Log Forwarding, you can set the privilege to read-only.
Verify that the cluster name or cluster DNS name is mapped to the node's IP address.
The user configured under domain settings for the authentication provider must have read permission to the shares.
Configuring EMC Isilon auditing in Log360Cloud
Follow these steps to configure EMC Isilon auditing in Log360 Cloud:
Go to
Settings > Configuration > File Integrity Monitoring > EMC Isilon
cluster.
If the cluster is configured to a domain, select the EMC Isilon Cluster from the list of discovered devices. If not, you can choose the
Configure Manually
option and enter the cluster name.
Provide the correct credentials and SSH port number. Then, choose an appropriate Agent.
Verify the provided credentials to enable browsing of locations. Ensure proper credentials validation before browsing Isilon locations for secure connections and accurate file activity monitoring.
Browse through the directories and choose the specific files and folders you wish to monitor. Alternatively, you can manually enter the path to the files/folders.
Utilize the Filter to:
Include/exclude certain file types.
Exclude sub-locations within the main directory.
Exclude all sub-locations within the main directory.
Click on the
Configure
button to initiate the configuration process.
Note:
To update credentials, click on 'Edit' and modify the required credentials. When using domain credentials, confirm that the chosen domain serves as an Authentication Provider for the cluster. Verify the successful addition of the cluster to the specified domain.
If the specified location is removed or unreachable from the agent, a warning icon will appear next to the location. Users can investigate potential issues with the location or choose to remove it from monitoring if it has been deleted on the cluster.
When adding local users or sub-nodes to the cluster, remember to refresh the interface before auditing with the new settings.
You have the option to filter or delete locations from the Two Column layout.
Log Forwarding:
Supported versions: Auto log forwarding is supported for ONEFS version 8.2 and above.
Auto log forwarding is enabled by default during device configuration.
If there is a failure in configuring log forwarding, please check the troubleshooting tips and utilize the 'Configure' button displayed below to set up log forwarding.
Verify the selected agent and click
Configure
to enable auto log forwarding. Please note that the Isilon cluster forwards logs only to 514/UDP, and this cannot be changed.
Note
:
If the agent is modified at this point, it will impact the device configuration.
If you are using a version below 8.2, manual configuration becomes necessary.
Manual configuration steps:
Step 1
Enable protocol auditing and configure the audit settings.
Select the specific events that need to be tracked for monitoring.
Step 2
Activate syslog forwarding in the Isilon environment.
Add the IP address of the Log360 Cloud Agent to which data should be forwarded for monitoring.
If using OneFS version 7.x,
To enable protocol auditing and configure audit settings, execute the following commands:
isi audit settings modify -- protocol-auditing-enabled yes -- audited-zones <zone_names>
isi zone zones modify <zone_name> -- audit-success create,delete,read,rename,set_security,write
isi zone zones modify <zone_name> -- audit-failure create,delete,read,rename,set_security,write
To enable syslog forwarding, use the following command:
isi zone zones modify <zone_name> --syslog-forwarding-enabled=yes
To configure the IP address:
Connect to any one of your Isilon nodes using an SSH client.
Open the syslog.conf file, which can be found at the /etc/mcp/templates directory.
Locate the !audit_protocol line and add the below entry, providing the correct value in place of hostname or IP address:
*.* @<hostname/IP Address>
Save the syslog.conf file.
If using OneFS versions 8.0 and 8.1,
To enable protocol auditing and configure audit settings, execute the following commands:
isi audit settings global modify --protocol-auditing-enabled yes --audited-zones <zone_names>
isi audit settings modify --zone <zone_name> --audit-success create,delete,read,rename,set_security,write
isi audit settings modify --zone <zone_name> --audit-failure create,delete,read,rename,set_security,write
isi audit settings modify --zone <zone_name> --syslog-audit-events create,delete,read,rename,set_security,write
To enable syslog forwarding, use the following command:
isi audit settings modify --syslog-forwarding-enabled=yes --zone=<zone_name>
To configure IP address:
Connect to any one of your Isilon nodes using an SSH client.
Open the syslog.conf file, which can be found at the /etc/mcp/templates directory.
Locate the !audit_protocol line and add the below entry, providing the correct value in place of hostname or IP address:
*.* @<hostname/IP Address>
Save the syslog.conf file.
If using OneFS versions 8.2 and 9.4,
To enable protocol auditing, configure audit settings, and set up the IP address:
isi audit settings global modify --protocol-auditing-enabled yes --audited-zones <zone_name> --protocol-syslog-servers <IP_of_ADAuditPlus_server>
isi audit settings modify --zone <zone_name> --audit-success create,delete,read,rename,set_security,write
isi audit settings modify --zone <zone_name> --audit-failure create,delete,read,rename,set_security,write
isi audit settings modify --zone <zone_name> --syslog-audit-events create,delete,read,rename,set_security,write
To enable syslog forwarding, execute this command:
isi audit settings modify --syslog-forwarding-enabled yes --zone <zone_name>
Note
: Enable only essential audit events, such as create, delete, read, rename, set_security, and write, to prevent unnecessary increases in cloud storage usage.
Troubleshooting
Target cluster is not listed during configuration
Cause
: The cluster has not been added to the domain.
Solution:
Ensure that the correct domain is selected.
Check if the cluster's domain is set as the authentication provider.
Click the refresh option in the 'Select Cluster' modal to reload computer objects in the domain.
Verify that the computer object created in Active Directory has the Operating System named OneFS.
Credentials verification
Error message:
Connecting to <Cluster Name> failed due to cluster inaccessibility or an incorrect port configuration.
Cause:
Cluster name is not resolving to the correct IP address.
Incorrect SSH port configuration.
Solution
Cluster name resolution:
Verify that a ping to the Isilon cluster using its cluster name resolves to the correct IP address.
If not, add a DNS Host Mapping entry for the Isilon cluster name.
Confirm your internet connection is working.
SSH port matching:
Execute the command
isi ssh settings view
to check if the SSH port used for configuration matches the SSH port enabled on the Isilon cluster.
If they don't match, update the Secure Shell (SSH) port before adding the cluster using the command:
isi ssh settings modify --port <Integer>
.
Error message:
Verification failed due to insufficient privileges in the provided credentials.
Refer to the relevant section on
required privileges
for Effective EMC Isilon Auditing.
Browsing location
Error message:
Permission denied error.
Cause
: Incorrect credentials or insufficient read access to the specified location.
Solution:
Provide credentials of an account with appropriate privileges for the specified location.
Error message:
No SMB shares found.
Cause:
No shares have been created, or the zones where shares are created have not been audited.
Solution:
Verify whether the zones where shares were created are listed in the Audited Zones. To check, use the command
isi audit settings global view
and ensure that the zones are properly listed in the Audited Zones.
Auto log forwarding configuration failure
Cause
: The user may not have ISI_PRIV_AUDIT with read & write permission to edit log forwarding settings in the Isilon cluster.
Solution
: Confirm the provision of credentials with the required privileges for log forwarding configuration; refer to the relevant section on
credentialing
.
Ensure that port 514/UDP is enabled on the selected agent.
For further instructions on log forwarding, refer to the
Log Forwarding section
.
Unable to check if the locations exist due to Invalid Credentials
Cause:
This error can occur when credentials have been updated or invalid.
Solution:
Provide credentials for an account with appropriate privileges.
Unable to check if the locations exist due to cluster inaccessibility or an incorrect port configuration
Cause:
This error can occur when the server name does not resolve to the correct IP address.
Solution:
Ensure proper cluster name resolution by confirming that pinging the Isilon cluster using its cluster name resolves to the correct IP address. If not, add a DNS Host Mapping entry for the Isilon cluster name.
Additionally, verify that the internet connection is working. Check SSH port matching by executing the command 'isi ssh settings view' to ensure it matches the SSH port enabled on the Isilon cluster. If not, update the SSH port using the command 'isi ssh settings modify --port <Integer>'.
No data received
Cause:
Syslog configuration issue.
Syslog data not reaching ManageEngine Log360Cloud Agent.
Solution:
Check syslog configuration:
Execute the command
isi audit settings global view
to check:
The list of IPs in protocol-syslog-servers
The zones where shares were created are listed in the Audited Zones.
If the zone is not listed, add it to the Audited Zones using the command:
isi audit settings global modify --audited-zones <zone_name>
Check forwarded syslog data:
Install ManageEngine
free syslog forwarder
.
Stop the ManageEngine Log360Cloud Agent service.
In the free syslog forwarder tool, add the Isilon cluster IP to the
Receive Syslogs
section and click "Start" to receive syslog data.
If no data is shown, recheck the syslog configuration.
If the issue persists, contact the support team at support@log360cloud.com.
Replace <zone_name> with the actual name of the zone you want to add.
Accessed by field not indexed / Data not received from a particular node
Cause:
A new user/node may be created.
Solution:
Use the 'Refresh Interface' button to update Isilon nodes' configuration and local users.
© 2025 Zoho Corporation Pvt. Ltd. All rights reserved.