In this page
Overview
Steps to integrate the components
Overview
This section explains how to integrate the installed components with the product console to enable centralized management. Integration involves configuring connection details such as the component’s server name or IP address, port number, and administrator credentials within the product console.
Steps to integrate the components
In your account, navigate to the
Settings
tab.
Under
Admin Settings
, go to
Integrations
, then click
Log360 Integration
.
Figure 1: Navigating to Log360 Integration
In the
Manage Components
page, click
Configure
under the component you want to integrate.
Figure 2: Integrating a component
On the
Integrate Component
page, under
Integration Settings
, enter the following details:
Server Name or IP Address
of the machine where the component is running.
Port number and Protocol
used by the component.
Figure 3: Configuring Integration Settings
Under
Authentication Details
, enter the Super Admin credentials of the component.
Figure 4: Configuring Authentication Settings
Click
Integrate Now
to complete the integration.
Figure 5: Integrating a component
Repeat the steps for all other components you want to integrate.
To remove the integration, click
Disable
. Removing a component will completely disable its functionality and delete all its integration details.
To modify settings, click
Modify
under the component you want to update.
Figure 6: Modifying a component
Make the necessary changes, and click
Update Settings
.
Figure 7: Modifying a component
To remove the integration, click Remove. Removing a component will completely disable its functionality and delete all its integration details.
NOTE
When PAM360 is integrated with Log360, ADManager Plus won't integrate with PAM360 unless the respective product certificates are imported into PAM360.
Learn how to integrate PAM360 with Log360 UEBA
Learn how to integrate PAM360 with ADManager Plus
Read also
This page explained how to integrate Log360 components. To learn how to navigate across components and access additional integration capabilities, refer to the following articles:
Navigating across components
Additional configurations