Overview
Demo
Pricing
Support
Sign Up
Login
Help Document
Overview
Setting up
Account setup
Starting Log360 Cloud
Supported log sources
Adding Syslog devices
Subscription
Prerequisites
Service Level Agreement (SLA)
Amazon Web Services (AWS)
Microsoft 365 Auto Configuration
Microsoft 365 Manual Configuration
Dashboard
Reports
Available Reports
Manage Predefined Reports
Manage Report Views
Custom Reports
Types of Report Views
Report Exporting
Schedule exports
Other report options
LDAP events
Advanced Active Directory reports
User Work Hours
Account lockout analyzer
Compliance Reports
Search
Search
Search tool
Save searches
Share searches
Export searches
Add or remove fields from the search results
Tagging tool
Cloud correlation
Understanding correlation
Generating correlation reports
Managing correlation rules
UEBA
Overview
What is UEBA
Architecture
Training phase of the Anomaly models
Data sources
Anomaly rules of UEBA
List of anomaly rules
Working with anomaly rules - view, manage and customize rules
Investigating anomalies
Dashboards
Adding users and entities to watchlists
Anomaly reports and alerts
Zia Insights
Overview
Using Zia Insights
Setting up Zia Insights
Invoking Zia Insights
Alerts
Creating alert profiles
View log alerts
Ticketing tool configuration
Manage profiles
Threat investigation
Incident Workbench
Overview
Access
User analytics
Process Analytics
Advanced Threat Analytics
Incident building
Device summary
Incident management
Incident management
Configuration settings
Devices
Applications
Overview
SQL Server
Oracle Server
Terminal Server
Syslog Application
Sysmon Application
Password Manager Pro
ITOM Solution
Exchange Reporter Plus
AD Audit Plus
Print Server
Malwarebytes
FireEye
Symantec Endpoint Protection
Symantec DLP
CEF Format
McAfee
Trend Micro
Manage Cloud Sources
Vulnerability data
vCenter
Threat management solutions
Threat Source
File Monitoring
File Integrity Monitoring
EMC Isilon
Synology NAS
EMC Server
Windows File Cluster
NetApp Server
QNAP NAS
Import log data
Admin settings
Manage Agents
Agent Settings
Log Source Groups
User management
Accounts Management
Configuring object level auditing
Configuring audit policies
Configuring Windows member server audit policies
Technician audit
Advanced Threat Analytics
Bulk actions for Agents
Privacy settings
Notification settings
Notification Templates
Working Hour Settings
Reload Archive Logs
My account settings
Product settings
Log Collection Filter
Custom log parsing
License
Storage Tiers
Overview
Configuring Storage Tiers
Managing Storage Tiers
Using Stats Analysis
Cloud Storage Estimator
Listener ports
Log forwarding
Developer space
Custom Widgets
Extension Profile Generation
Extension Builder
Marketplace
Installing Extensions
Compliance Extensions
Nginx
Veeam
MariaDB
Okta
Dropbox
MikroTik
MongoDB
Topsec
Sangfor
Ticketing tool integration
Jira Service Desk
ServiceDesk Plus
Zendesk
Cloud protection
Cloud Protection in Log360 Cloud
Gateway Cluster
Gateway Server
Prerequisites for Gateway Server configuration
Installing Gateway Server
Endpoint Configuration
Certificate Authority Configuration
Manage Certificate Trust Store
Two-way SSL Support
Manage Banned Applications
Manage Sanctioned Applications
Gateway Server Failover
Application Insight
User Access Insight
Cloud Access Reports
CASB application reports
Shadow Cloud Application Reports
Reports on Banned Cloud Applications
File Upload Reports
Threat Analytics in Cloud Protection
Regenerate Access Key
Troubleshooting gateway server errors
API Support
Teams
Overview
Managing Teams
MSSP Edition
Introduction
MSSP Account Setup
Dashboard
Manage Customers
Evaluation Customers
Customer Portal
Portal User Management
Customer Portal MFA
Centralized Technician audit
My Account Settings
Technician Management
License
Troubleshooting
Overview
WMI-based errors
Encryption at Rest (EAR)
Contact us
Related Products
Log360
Comprehensive SIEM and UEBA
Download
|
Demo
AD360
Integrated Identity & Access Management
Download
|
Demo
ADManager Plus
Active Directory Management & Reporting
Download
|
Demo
ADAudit Plus
Real-time Active Directory Auditing and UBA
Download
|
Demo
ADSelfService Plus
Self-Service Password Management
Download
|
Demo
EventLog Analyzer
Real-time Log Analysis & Reporting
Download
|
Demo
Exchange Reporter Plus
Exchange Server Auditing & Reporting
Download
|
Demo
Log360 Cloud
UEBA
Dashboards
Dashboards in User and Entity Behavior Analytics (UEBA) In this page
In this page
Overview
Dashboards
Anomaly Trends Dashboard
Users Dashboard
Entities Dashboard
Overview
Log360 Cloud empowers security teams to detect, assess, and receive alerts for unusual user and entity behavior. Its dashboard provides organized anomaly details, flexible watchlists to prioritize specific user and entity monitoring, and customizable notifications for efficient investigation. This section elaborates the dashboards of Log360 Cloud's UEBA for efficient anomaly investigation.
Dashboards
Viewing anomaly details
Anomaly insights can be viewed via.
The dashboard
Anomaly reports
Every anomalous user and entity is associated with a risk score. The risk score is calculated and presented based on the analysis performed up to that point in the dashboard.
NOTE
: The risk scores assigned to the users and entities will not constantly stay the same and will gradually decay over time if no anomalies are getting associated with them.
Anomaly investigation using dashboard
Anomaly insights are presented in the form of three sub-tabs in the
Home
dashboard of Log360 Cloud. These are:
Anomaly Trends dashboard
Users dashboard
Entities dashboard
NOTE:
By default, the three tabs for anomaly investigation namely- Anomaly Trends, Users and Entities are not shown in the dashboard.The user has to manually add them in order to access a dashboard view for the same in the Home dashboard. Thereafter in subsequent logins, the tabs will be shown until they are again removed manually.
Anomaly Trends dashboard
Image 1: Anomaly trends dashboard in ManageEngine Log360 Cloud
This dashboard provides an overall summary of all the anomalies detected within a selected time range. It includes:
Anomalies Detected
Total number of anomalies identified for a specified time period.
Tracked Users
Number of unique users whose activities have been monitored up until now for anomalies.
Tracked Entities
Number of entities whose activities have been monitored up until now for anomalies.
Recent Anomalies
Lists the most recent anomaly events along with details like pattern, user, time, and confidence level.
When clicked on a recent anomaly card, the complete details of that particular anomaly can be accessed. These are divided into:
Overview
: Contains details that will tell about the deviation which has occurred from the generally expected behavior.
Event Details
: These are shown for applicable anomaly types and contain finer details like the anomaly rule associated, time and details of the event, user details and log sources related to this anomaly, and a message that elaborates the trigger event that flagged the anomaly.
Anomaly Trends
A visual representation of the count of anomalies over a specified period of time.
Risk Levels
A visual representation of the count of anomalous users/entities categorized and spread across a risk score range.
Top 10 Anomalous Activities
A visual representation of the most frequent types of anomalous activities, such as logons, file modifications, or registry access, along with the frequency count.
Entities Count Based on Date
A visual representation of the number of unique anomalous entities triggered anomalies on each day over a specified period of time
Anomaly Statistics
A concise tabular representation of anomalous activities categorized by the anomaly type- Time, Count, and Pattern based anomalies.
Users dashboard
Image 2: Users dashboard in ManageEngine Log360 Cloud
Users
dashboard under
Home
highlights anomalous behavior by individual users. This dashboard also displays users based on the risk score range, allowing you to focus on high-risk individuals first. The users dashboard helps prioritize investigation by displaying:
Users Risk Score
List of anomalous users ranked by their current risk scores based on their activities that are flagged as an anomaly. When clicked on any user from this widget, the user's anomaly card opens with the anomaly trend on the top followed by a table listing the anomalies contributing to the risk score of the particular user. Clicking on any anomaly message from the table provides Anomaly Details divided into:
Overview:
Contains details that will tell about the deviation which has occurred from the generally expected behavior.
Event Details:
These are shown for applicable anomaly types and contain finer details like the anomaly rule associated, time and details of the event, user details and log sources related to this anomaly, and a message that elaborates the trigger event that flagged the anomaly.
User Risk Score Distribution
A visual representation of the count of anomalous users categorized and spread across a risk score range.
Recently Detected Users
List of anomalous users who recently triggered anomalies, along with timestamps and their respective risk scores.
Anomaly Trends
A visual representation of the count of users' specific anomalies spread across a specified period of time.
Watchlisted Users
List of the anomalous users manually flagged for closer monitoring in the form of watchlists.
Top 10 Users by Risk Score
Anomalous users with the highest accumulated risk scores ranked by the same.
Entities dashboard
Image 3: Entities dashboard in ManageEngine Log360 Cloud
The
Entities
dashboard under
Home
is similar to the
Users
dashboard, but focused on machines and other network assets. It includes:
Entities Risk Score
List of anomalous entities ranked by their current risk scores based on their activities that are flagged as anomaly. When clicked on any entity from this widget, the entity's anomaly card opens with the anomaly trend on the top followed by a table listing the anomalies contributing to the risk score of the particular entity. Clicking on any anomaly message from the table provides Anomaly Details divided into:
Overview:
Contains details that will tell about the deviation which has occurred from the generally expected behavior.
Event Details:
These are shown for applicable anomaly types and contain finer details like the anomaly rule associated, time and details of the event, user details and log sources related to this anomaly, and a message that elaborates the trigger event that flagged the anomaly.
Entity Risk Score Distribution
A visual representation of the count of anomalous entities categorized and spread across a risk score range.
Recently Detected Entities
List of anomalous entities who recently triggered anomalies, along with timestamps and their respective risk scores.
Anomaly Trends
A visual representation of the count of entities specific anomalies spread across a specified period of time.
Watchlisted Entities
List of the anomalous entities manually flagged for closer monitoring in the form of watchlists.
Top 10 Entities by Risk Score
Anomalous entities with the highest accumulated risk scores ranked by the same.
Read also
This document explained in detail about the dashboards provided for the anomaly detection feature of Log360 Cloud's UEBA. For leveraging the capabilities of UEBA, refer the below articles:
Adding users or entities to the watchlist
Gaining insights from reports and Associating alert profiles with anomalies
© 2025 Zoho Corporation Pvt. Ltd. All rights reserved.