In this page
Overview
Configuring alert profiles
Creating an alert profile
Overview
This page explains how to create and manage alert profiles. It covers setting predefined or custom criteria, choosing log sources, defining severity levels, and configuring notifications. You can also enable playbooks to automate actions for faster incident response.
Configuring alert profiles
In the product dashboard, navigate to the
Alerts
tab as highlighted in the below image.
Image 1: Alerts tab in the dashboard
You will be taken to the
Alerts
module.
Image 2: Alerts module via the dashboard
From this module, you can create,
manage
, and configure alert profiles
Creating an alert profile
You can choose from the available predefined alert profiles and the also define customized criteria for specific requirements.
Steps to create an alert profile
In the product console, navigate to the
Alerts
tab and click on the
Add Alert Profile
button at the top-right corner of the page as highlighted in the below image.
Image 3: Add Alert Profile button in the Alerts tab
The
Add Alert Profile
page opens. Enter a unique name for the alert profile in the
Name
field.
Image 4: Add alert profile module
In the
Criteria
field, click on the
+
icon to define the alert conditions. This opens the
Alert Criteria Builder
window. There are 4 sub-tabs available in the
Alert Criteria Builder
:
Predefined Alert Criteria
Rules
Compliance Alert Criteria
Custom Alert Criteria
Image 5: Alerts criteria configuration
Defining alert criteria
: When adding alert criteria, you can choose from four categories in the
Alert Criteria Builder
window.
Predefined Alerts
Select
Predefined Alert Criteria
in the criteria builder.
You can also now add custom filter criteria using the
Filter
option, which replaces the earlier
+ Add Criteria
button for easier access.
Choose a log type from the
Group
drop-down and select the required category.
Pick the desired alert condition by clicking the radio button next to it.
This option allows you to quickly select from a wide collection of predefined alert conditions, saving time and effort.
Image 6: Predefined Alert Criteria options in the criteria builder
Rules
Select the
Rules
sub-tab in the criteria builder.
Browse through predefined, security-focused alert rules mapped to common threat patterns and anomalous activities.
Choose from a wide range of rule-based detections across supported log types such as Windows, firewalls, databases, and more.
Each rule is designed to surface suspicious activity, for example, unusual password changes, bulk file modifications, failed logons, privilege escalations, or unexpected system shutdowns.
Enable the required rules to detect automatically and alert on activities that may indicate insider threats, ransomware, brute force attempts, or other security risks.
Image 7: Rule-based Alert Criteria options in the criteria builder
Compliance Alerts
Select Compliance Alert Criteria in the criteria builder.
Browse through compliance-related alerting criteria designed to detect violations of IT regulations such as PCI DSS, SOX, HIPAA, GLBA, PDPA, NIST, CCPA, GDPR, and ISO 27001:2013.
Select the required compliance alert condition.
Compliance alerts help you monitor anomalies such as policy changes, privilege escalations, unauthorized logons, and sensitive file access or modification.
Image 8: Predefined Alert Criteria options in the criteria builder
Custom Alerts
Select
Custom Alert Criteria
in the criteria builder.
Define one or more alert conditions using attributes, comparators, and values.
Group or ungroup conditions using
AND/OR
operators.
Optionally, configure alerts for imported logs such as Oracle, Microsoft SQL, IIS, or Print Servers by selecting the custom extracted fields.
NOTE
To add multiple custom extracted fields, click on the + icon in the criteria builder.
Vulnerability and Misconfiguration Comparators
(available when integrated with Endpoint Central):
Is Vulnerable
– Detect devices tagged as vulnerable.
Vulnerable To
– Identify devices exposed to specific CVEs.
Misconfigured For
– Detect devices with misconfigurations (e.g., Windows Credential Guard disabled).
Image 9: Alert Criteria Builder window
Choose the
Log Source(s)
to be configured under this alert profile.
Image 10: Log source configuration
(
Optional
) Click on the checkbox to enable
Filter
for this alert profile. For configuring users and groups under this alert profile, refer to the
Object Filter help document
.
NOTE
Additional custom filter criteria can now be added using the Filter option. Earlier, this functionality was provided as a
+ Add Criteria
button within the alert profile view, but it has now been moved outside for easier access.
Image 11: Configuring filter for log source
Choose the
severity
level for the alerts generated by this profile from the
Severity
drop-down. Available options are:
Critical
Trouble
Attention
In the
Alert Message Format
field, customize the alert message. Click on
+Add
to insert variables such as account name, source, and message into the message format.
Image 12: Alert Message Format customization
Image 13: Alert Message Format customization
Expand the Advanced Configuration section to refine alert trigger conditions:
Image 14: Advanced Configuration options
Threshold
NOTE
The
Smart Threshold
and
Time Range
threshold options are currently not available in Log360 Cloud.
Manual Threshold
: Define the number of event occurrences and the time interval (in minutes).
Smart Threshold
: Enter the time interval, and the optimal event count will be automatically determined using ML algorithms to reduce false positives.
Time Range
: Specify working hours during which the alert profile should be active.
Under
Alert Notification
, configure notifications and playbooks for the alert profile:
Notification Settings:
Select the
Notification Settings
tab while creating an alert profile.
Image 15: Notification settings configuration
Choose whether notifications should be sent for all alerts continuously or paused for a specific duration after a notification is triggered.
Image 16: Notification settings configuration
Configure
Email Notifications
by specifying recipients, subject lines, and message templates with dynamic macros after enabling it by clicking on the checkbox.
Image 17: Email notification settings configuration
NOTE
SMS notifications are not supported in Log360 Cloud. This feature is available only in Log360 On-Premises.
Enable
SMS Notifications
by entering mobile numbers and predefined message formats.
These notifications ensure that critical alerts are immediately communicated to administrators and security teams, enabling quicker response to potential threats.
To learn more about configuring the alert notifications, refer to the
Alert Notification and Remediation help document
.
Playbook
NOTE
The playbooks capability is currently available
only
in
EventLog Analyzer
and
Log360
.
Enable automated playbook remediations for the alert profile by navigating to the
Playbook
sub-tab and configuring the required playbook.
Image 18: Playbook remediation configuration
Check the
Enable Playbook
box to select or add a predefined playbook that should run automatically when the alert is triggered.
Image 19: Alert Notification settings with Playbook option
You can configure a new playbook by clicking on the
Add New Playbook
option. A pop-up appears asking for a confirmation. Click on
Ok
.
You will be taken to the
Manage Playbooks
module. To learn more about playbooks and how to configure them, refer to the Playbook management help document.playbooks and how to configure them, refer to the
Playbook management
help document.
Once all configurations are complete, click on
Save Profile
. Upon successful completion of the action, the below pop-up appears, and the alert profile is now created and listed on the
Manage Alert Profiles
page.
Read also
This page gave a step-by-step guide on how to create new alert profiles. Read more about configuring alert notifications, using playbooks, and managing alert profiles to streamline monitoring and response from the below help pages.
Overview
Manage alert Profiles
Alert Notification & Remediation