In this page
Overview
Key insights provided by Zia
Overview
Zoho Zia, the AI-engine, delivers contextual insights from logs, alerts, and incidents by leveraging advanced summarization, threat mapping, and possible remediations. Using
Universally Unique Identifiers (UUIDs)
for logs,
Alert IDs
for alert data, and
Incident IDs
for incident data, Zia Insights processes raw data to streamline threat detection, investigation, remediation, and compliance audit.
This page explains how Zia Insights categorizes events, generates insights, and guides response actions within the product console.
Key insights provided by Zia
Zia Insights provides six key information for effective security operations. They are:
Log categorization
Summary
Insights
Timeline
Potential MITRE ATT&CK® Mapping
Mitigation guidance
Log categorization
To accelerate log analysis and generate remediation steps, Zia Insights categorizes log data and provides tailored recommendations based on the log type. Refer the below table to learn how Zia Insights categorizes the logs, the detection indicator it uses for log categorization, and the modules it assigns tocloud each category.
NOTE
All logs in the Search and Alerts modules are categorized, and remediation steps are provided if the log falls into one of the predefined categories.
Log type
Detection indicators
Insights provided
Error and crash logs
Error codes, "failed" or "fatal" keywords, or stack traces. Application crashes, or service failures that disrupt normal operations.
Troubleshooting Steps
For example,
application crashes
will include recommendations to analyze application logs at the time of the crash to identify any correlated events, and debug using tools like WinDbg to trace access violations.
Security logs
Failed authorizations, suspicious activities such as User Account Control (UAC) modifications, or triggered security alerts.
Potential Mitigation Steps
For example,
office process launching PowerShell
will include recommendations to investigate the source document, restrict script execution using Powershell's Constrained Language Mode, and block macros from untrusted sources.
Audit logs
Unauthorized access attempts, audit policy violations, or configuration changes.
Recommendations
For example,
changes to audit policies
will include recommendations to enforce strict access controls and alert mechanisms for critical audit events.
Anomaly alerts
Unusual logon times or suspicious logins
Anomaly Mitigation Guidance
For example,
Windows anomaly logon
will include suggestions like resetting credentials and restricting logons to approved hours.
NOTE
If a log does not fall under one of the above mentioned categories, mitigation steps will not be available.
Summary
The Zia Insight's
Summary
segment provides a concise overview of logs, events, alerts, and incidents. It distils crucial information from logs and incidents by using structured inputs. For incidents, it gathers details like evidence, notes, activity logs, involved parties, and basic incident context to generate the summary.
NOTE
Summary is generated for logs accessed via Search and Alerts consoles. While Zia provides a concise overview across both, the level of detail in the summary may depend on the context of the underlying data.
Figure 1: Zia Insights summary from Search
Insights
The
Insights
segment in Zia Insights provides actionable understanding derived from analyzing events leading to an alert, which enables the identification of key actors, source and destination IPs, user accounts, involved entities, example systems, and the detection of suspicious behaviors.
NOTE
Insights are generated only when you invoke Zia Insights from Search and Alerts consoles of the product. In the Incidents module, Insights are not available for workbench evidence.
Figure 2: Insights generated by Zia for a log
Timeline
Timeline segment of Zia Insights provides a chronological view of key events related to the alert or incident, including timestamps and specific actions or system behaviors that led up to or followed the incident. This helps reconstruct the attack chain, verify patterns, and correlate the activity with other events.
NOTE
The Timeline segment will be available in the following cases:
- In the Alerts module, when alerts are linked to correlation rules or alerts profiles that are defined based on thresholds.
- In the Incidents module.
Correlation rule-based alerts
are alert profiles that get associated with specific detection rules. It results from the aggregation of multiple related events or alerts, which together reveal a broader and more significant security incident.
Example
: Events like login failures followed by successful logon and new services installed denote a sequence of activity by the same user. Timeline will be shown for these types of events.
Threshold-based alerts
are triggered when a particular activity exceeds a predefined limit within a specified time frame, indicating potentially suspicious behavior.
Example
: An alert is generated when a login failure occurs 10 times within 5 minutes, which may suggest a brute-force attack. Timeline of the login failures will be graphically shown by Zia Insights.
Figure 3: Overview of the event timeline by Zia Insights
Potential MITRE ATT&CK® Mapping
Zia Insights maps events and alerts with known tactics, techniques, and procedures (TTPs) from the MITRE ATT&CK® framework. This includes mapping the activity to the corresponding
Tactic Name, Technique ID, and Technique Name
.
NOTE
Potential MITRE ATT&CK® Mapping is displayed only when the log indicate suspicious or malicious activity.
Figure 4: Mapped MITRE ATT&CK® techniques by Zia Insights
Mitigation guidance
Based on
log categorization
, Zia Insights provide actionable remediation steps that help contain the incident, restore normal operations, and reduce the risk of future occurrences. Recommendations are tailored to the type of log,such as crash, error, audit, and security.
Figure 5: Overview of the event timeline by Zia Insights
Read also
This document elaborated on the overview, key insights, and use cases of Zia Insights. For configuring and leveraging the capabilities of Zia Insights, refer to the articles below:
Setting up Zia Insights
Invoking Zia Insights