In this page
Overview
Pre-requisites
Configuration changes during migration
Settings to review after migration
Steps to migrate data
Troubleshooting tips
FAQ
Overview
NOTE
It applies to standalone Log360 deployments, including those integrated to any one or more
child components
and must not be integrated with EventLog Analyzer.
This migration is supported only for Log360 builds below 13000.
This page explains how to migrate data from a standalone Log360 installation to Unified Log360.
The migration is initiated by applying the latest PPM to the existing Log360 instance, and the existing Log360 data and supported configurations are migrated to Unified Log360.
This migration is applicable to standalone Log360 deployments, including those integrated with the following child components/ ManageEngine applications:
ADAudit Plus
Cloud Security Plus
Exchange Reporter Plus
DataSecurity Plus
Log360 UEBA
ADManager Plus
M365 Manager Plus
PAM360
Configuration changes
must be reviewed before proceeding with the migration process.
Pre-requisites
Before migrating from a standalone Log360 installation to Unified Log360, ensure the following prerequisites are met:
Ensure that the existing Log360 installation is updated to the
latest PPM
before initiating the migration.
Verify that the server meets the required
system requirements
for Unified Log360.
It is recommended to ensure that all child components are up and running before initiating migration to avoid synchronization issues.
Ensure that the
reverse proxy
and
web ports
of existing Log360 and Unified Log360 are allowed bidirectionally to support remote migration.
If components are integrated remotely, ensure that the necessary component and web ports are allowed to integrate them with Unified Log360.
Before proceeding with the migration, ensure that all files in the
<Log360-Product-location>\Export
folder are backed up to a separate location. After the migration is completed and verified, the source files will be removed to optimize disk space. In case of any discrepancies after migration, recovery will only be possible using the backup.
Ensure a valid Log360 license is available before migration. If not, contact support at
support@log360.com
to retrieve the license file. If a new license is required, reach out to sales at
sales@manageengine.com
or request via the
Get Quote
page.
NOTE
The technicians with operator role and the technicians under Product Authentication irrespective of the role, will be migrated in disabled state with no roles and delegations.
Configuration changes during migration
During migration, certain configurations from Log360 are automatically merged.
Feature
What happens during migration
Dashboard
Dashboard tabs and their respective widgets from Log360 will be migrated. Custom tabs from Log360 will be added to Unified Log360. Tab names will remain unchanged and the tab order will follow Log360 tabs.
Captcha
and
Block User Settings
Log360 configuration will be migrated automatically.
SSO Settings (NTLM)
Log360 SSO configuration will be migrated if configured. The Jespa JAR will also be migrated but will only take effect in Unified Log360 after a restart.
Smart Card Authentication
Log360 configuration will be migrated automatically.
Two-Factor Authentication
Log360 configuration will be migrated by default. User enrollment data from Log360 will not be migrated if Two-Factor Authentication is disabled in Log360. Duo authentication settings are not migrated.
Integration Settings
Log360 configuration will be migrated automatically.
Allowed/Restricted IPs
Log360 configuration will be migrated automatically.
Reverse Proxy
Log360 settings will be migrated automatically.
Personalize
(Language, Time Zone, Date/Time Format)
Log360 settings will be retained after migration, Time Zone settings Will be not be migrated
Rebranding
(Product Logo, Browser Favicon, Browser Title)
Log360 configuration will be migrated automatically.
Connection Settings
Log360 configuration will be migrated automatically.
Product Notification
Log360 configuration will be migrated automatically.
Compliance
and
Risk Posture
Log360 configuration will be migrated automatically.
Security Hardening
Log360 configuration will be migrated.
Notification Settings
Log360 configuration for both mail and SMS servers will be migrated automatically.
Port Configuration
The port and protocol configured in Log360 will be retained after migration.
AppsPane and JumpTo
AppsPane:
The existing Log360 configuration is carried over during migration, and the product order defined in the AppsPane is preserved as-is.
JumpTo:
After migration, the JumpTo setup mirrors that of a fresh Log360 installation.
Scheduled Export Files
Log360 export files will be available in history and can be downloaded if needed.
Database Backup Configuration
Backup Configuration:
The Log360 configuration will be migrated.
If configured in Log360 with a local path, the Log360 settings will be migrated.
Local Integration: The Log360 configuration will be migrated.
Remote Integration: The user has to manually re-configure the path after the migration
If configured in Log360 with a shared path, users will be required to reconfigure it after migration.
Manage Technicians
Log360 configuration will be migrated automatically.
Settings to review after migration
Existing configurations will be migrated to Unified Log360, except for certain configurations that must be reviewed post-migration. After completing the migration, administrators should review the following configurations to ensure the setup functions as expected:
Device Allocation Management
- This feature in ADAudit Plus has been discontinued in this edition. This capability is available as a built-in feature in ADAudit Plus. Existing auto-allocation policies will not be migrated and must be manually
reconfigured
in ADAudit Plus.
Database configuration (MSSQL to PostgreSQL)
: If MSSQL was configured as the backend database for existing Log360, it will be replaced with the default PostgreSQL (PGSQL) database during migration to Unified Log360 setup, retaining the existing configuration. Admins can continue using PostgreSQL or
migrate to MSSQL
if required.
Folder permissions:
Post migration, verify the
folder permissions
of the installation directory and ensure that the required users have access to it.
Duo authentication
: Duo authentication settings are not migrated. They must be reconfigured after migration.
Database backup configuration:
Only the database backup configuration (such as backup frequency and backup location) is migrated to Unified Log360. Existing backup files are not migrated as part of this process.
In Log360 to Unified Log360 migration, the configured backup location is retained based on the conditions of the database settings module.
Existing backup files will remain available in their original location if accessible.
Database backup files of older Log360 installations will not be compatible with Unified Log360 and cannot be restored.
For other integrated components, database backup files are stored in their respective configured locations and remain unchanged during migration.
The license will not be applied during migration. If you have a valid Log360 license, you must apply it after migration.
Auto Update:
This feature has been discontinued in this version.
Log360 Report Management:
Viewing other component(s) product reports within the integrated Log360 console is no longer supported.
Compliance Configuration:
Additional settings configured in the Edit Compliance page will not be migrated for both predefined and custom compliances. The enabled or disabled status for each compliance will also not be migrated from Log360 and must be reviewed and reconfigured after migration.
Risk Posture:
The daily schedule configured for Risk Posture will not be migrated.
Technician Management:
The following technician accounts require review post-migration:
Technicians under Product Authentication and those under AD Authentication who have an Operator role will be migrated in a disabled state with no roles and delegations. These accounts must be manually updated and enabled after migration. These accounts must be manually updated and enabled after migration.
AD Authentication technicians with an Admin role will be migrated with the Administrator role and granted all delegations. Their status will be retained from Log360.
Steps to migrate data
After installing the latest PPM, start Log360. A migration pop-up is displayed indicating that the existing Log360 installation can be migrated to Unified Log360. Click
Next
to continue.
Figure 1: Migrating data
The
Steps to Migrate
window displays the actions required to migrate the existing Log360 installation. Click
Download Log360
to
download
the Unified Log360 build.
Figure 2: Downloading Log360
After downloading the
Unified Log360 build
, run the Log360 Unified installer (.exe).
The InstallShield Wizard welcome screen appears. Click
Next
to continue.
Figure 3: Launching InstallShield Wizard
Read the
License Agreement
and click
Yes
to accept the terms and proceed with the installation.
Figure 4: License Agreement
In the
Destination Folder
window, select the directory where Unified Log360 will be installed. Click
Browse
and select a new installation directory and click
OK
to confirm the folder selection.
NOTE
Install Unified Log360 in a new installation directory. Installing it in the same directory as the existing Log360 installation is not supported.
Figure 5: Installing in a different folder
Figure 6: Installing in different folder
After selecting the installation folder, click
Next
to proceed with the installation.
A prompt appears recommending that you exclude the Log360 installation directory from antivirus scans to prevent interference with database operations. Click
OK
to continue.
Figure 7: Antivirus scan
Review the installation summary. Click
Back
to modify any settings, or click
Next
to begin the installation.
NOTE
If port 8095 is already in use, port 8106 will be used. If 8106 is also unavailable, the port will be assigned dynamically. You can view the port number used by Unified Log360 in the current settings.
Figure 8: Installing the product
Once the installation completes, you can register for technical support or
skip
this step.
In the installation wizard, select the checkbox next to
Start Log360 in console mode
to start the application after installation and click
Finish
.
NOTE
If the Start Log360 in console mode option is not selected, you can install Log360 as a service and start it later. For more information, refer to
Steps to install Log360 as a service.
Figure 9: Installing the product
After installation, start the product. Once the product starts, the
Migrate Existing Log360
window is displayed.
In the
Server Name
field, enter the hostname or IP address of the existing Log360 server.
Next to
Protocol and Port,
select the required protocol,
HTTP
or
HTTPS
from the drop-down and enter the corresponding
port
number used by the existing Log360 installation.
Enter the
Admin Username
and
Password
with admin credentials of the existing Log360 instance.
Click
Start Migration
to proceed.
Figure 10: Starting migration
The migration may take a few moments. It is highly recommended not to shut down the product or make any changes in the product settings during the migration process.
Figure 11: Migration in progress
After the migration completes, Unified Log360 becomes available with the migrated configurations applied. Click
Get Started
to continue using the product, or click
Restart Now
to restart the server and apply all changes.
NOTE
Upon successful migration, the existing Log360 instance is automatically shut down. Some configuration changes, such as port updates, take effect only after a restart.
Figure 12: Migration completed
After restarting the product,
navigate to the
Settings
tab
and select
Admin Settings
. Under
Integrations
, click
Log360 Integration
. For each component integrated with Log360, click
Modify
, review the settings if required, and then click
Update Settings
to complete the integration update.
Apply the Log360 license file if available. If you do not have a license, you can contact the sales team at
sales@manageengine.com
or use the
Get Quote
option to purchase one.
NOTE
Log360 can also be used as a Free Edition with limited features.
The migration process is now complete. Review the
migrated configurations
.
After the migration is completed, please
remove
the
ManageEngine Log360
service from the machine.
Troubleshooting tips
1. Migration failure due to connectivity issues
Error message:
Connection to existing Log360 server failed due to network issue. Kindly make sure the existing Log360 server is running and accessible from this server.
When this occurs:
This occurs while starting the migration, when the product is unable to establish a connection with the existing Log360 instance.
Solution:
Ensure that the connection is stable and that both products are up and running. After verifying connectivity, click
Try Again.
Figure 13: Migration failure due to connectivity issues
2. Migration failure
Error message:
Some of the feature migration has been failed. Please try again
When this occurs:
This occurs while the migration is in process, when the product is unable to establish a connection with the existing Log360 instance.
Solution:
Ensure that the connection is stable and that both products are up and running. After verifying connectivity, click
Try Again
.
Figure 14: Migration failure
3. Invalid credentials
Error message:
Connection to existing Log360 server failed due to invalid credentials, kindly provide valid admin credentials.
When this occurs:
This error occurs during the migration process when the provided admin credentials for the existing Log360 instance are incorrect or invalid.
Solution:
Verify that the admin username and password are correct.
Re-enter the credentials and retry the connection.
After updating the details, click
Start Migration
to proceed.
Figure 15: Invalid credentials
Frequently asked questions (FAQs)
1) What can be done to the existing product folder?
If the previous Log360 installation is no longer required, you can remove the existing product folder. Before deleting it, it is recommended to create a ZIP backup of the installation directory for future reference or recovery purposes.
2) What can be done to the existing product services?
If the services associated with the previous installation are no longer required, they can be removed manually.
Windows
Open
Command Prompt as Administrator
.
List all services to identify the service you want to remove:
Copy
sc query type=all state=all
Stop the service:
Copy
sc stop "<servicename>"
Delete the service:
Copy
sc delete "<servicename>"
Verify that the service has been removed:
Copy
sc query "<servicename>"
NOTE
If the service is running when it is deleted, the removal will take effect after the next
system restart
.
Linux
Open a
Terminal
with sudo privileges.
List all services to identify the service you want to remove:
Copy
systemctl list-units --type=service --all
Stop and disable the service:
Copy
sudo systemctl stop <servicename>
sudo systemctl disable <servicename>
Delete the service file:
Copy
sudo rm /etc/systemd/system/<servicename>.service
Reload systemd to apply the changes:
Copy
sudo systemctl daemon-reload && sudo systemctl reset-failed
Verify that the service has been removed:
Copy
systemctl status <servicename>
NOTE
Service names are case-sensitive on Linux systems.
Read also
This page explained how to migrate data from a standalone Log360 installation to Unified Log360. To learn how to migrate data from EventLog Analyzer to unified Log360, refer to the following page:
Migrating data from EventLog Analyzer to Unified Log360