Keep the ports
446-449, 8470-8476, 9470-9476
open in EventLog Analyzer to receive IBM AS/400 machine logs.
In the Manage Devices page, navigate to the Other Devices tab and click on the
Add Device(s)
button. This will open the
Add Device(s)
window.
Choose the
Device type
as
IBM AS/400
.
Use the
Device Name
box to type a single device name, or a list of device names separated by commas.
Specify the
Monitor Interval
to configure the frequency at which EventLog Analyzer should fetch logs from the IBM AS/400 machines. The default (and minimum) monitor interval is 10 minutes.
Enter credentials (
Login Name
and
Password
) with an authority level of 50. Verify the details using the
Verify Credential
link beside the password text.
Select the
Date Format
and the
Delimiter
. This is the date format used in the logs that will be collected from the IBM AS/400 devices.
Click
Add and Close
to add this device and return to the list of device monitored, or click
Add
to add this device and continue adding more devices.
To import SSL certificate, follow the steps below:
Save the SSL certificate in the location
C:\test.cer
In the command prompt navigate to <installation folder
Run the command
keytool -importcert -alias myprivateroot -keystore ..\lib\security\cacerts -file C:\test.cer
Now provide the password when prompted. The default password is
Changeit
To trust the certificate press
Y
Restart the EventLog Analyzer server. The certificate will be successfully added.
IBM AS/400
IBM AS/400 historic log collection
EventLog Analyzer now allows you to collect logs according to the time period for IBM AS/400 devices. To collect logs according to time:
Click the
historic log collection
icon that is next to the
Device
option.
Next, under the
Collect Logs from last
option, select the number of hours/days/weeks/months for which you would like to collect the logs.
Click on
Apply
.
Note
The credentials provided must have an
authority level
of
50
. Otherwise, EventLog Analyzer will not be able to login to fetch History logs from these devices.
Configuration to receive logs
For analyzing journal logs of IBM AS400/iSeries devices, you need to enable auditing in those systems.
To enable auditing for AS400/iSeries journal logs you have to:
Create a journal receiver
.
Attach the journal receiver to a journal
.
Specify the audit logs that are to be stored in the journal receiver
.
Once the journal receiver is created and the logs specified are collected in it, EventLog Analyzer will fetch those logs for monitoring, report generation and alert notification.
Note
For setting up Security auditing in AS 400/iSeries machines, you must have the
*AUDIT
special authority.
Create a journal receiver
You can create a journal receiver in a library of your choice by using the following command:
Copy
CRTJRNRCV JRNRCV(JRNLIB/AUDRCV0001) + THRESHOLD(100000) AUT(*EXCLUDE) + TEXT('Auditing Journal Receiver')
Note
This example uses a library called
JRNLIB
for journal receivers.
Place the journal receiver in any library of your choice. Ensure that it is not placed in the QSYS library, which is a system library.
Enter a name for the journal receiver.
When you want the naming convention to be applied to naming all journal receivers, use the *GEN option.
Specify an appropriate threshold level that suits your system size and activity. The size you choose should be based on the number of transactions on your system and the number of actions you choose to audit. For system change journal management support, the threshold must be at least 5000KB.
To limit access to the information stored in the journal, specify *EXCLUDE on the AUT parameter.
Attach the journal receiver to a journal
Create the QSYS/QAUDJRN journal by using the following command:
Copy
CCRTJRN JRN(QSYS/QAUDJRN)+
JRNRCV(JRNLIB/AUDRCV0001)+
MNGRCV(*SYSTEM) DLTRCV(*NO)+
AUT(*EXCLUDE) TEXT('Auditing Journal')
The journal name
QSYS/QAUDJRN
must be used.
Note
To create this journal you must have the authority to add objects to QSYS.
Specify the journal receiver name that you created, using the
JRNRCV
parameter.
Specify
*EXCLUDE
on the
AUT
parameter to limit access to the information stored in the journal.
(*SYSTEM)
is passed as the parameter for Manage Receiver
(MNGRCV)
. Thus when the attached journal receiver reaches its threshold size, the system itself detaches this receiver and creates and attaches a new journal receiver.
Avoid detaching receivers and creating & attaching new receivers manually, using the
CHGJRN
command.
To retain the detached journal receivers, specify
(*NO)
as the value for
DLTRCV
. This will prevent the automatic deletion of detached receivers by the system.
QAUDJRN
receivers are your security audit trail. Hence, ensure that they are adequately archived.
Specify the logs that are to be captured by the journal receiver
Use the following command to specify the logs that are to be stored in the journal receiver created:
Copy
CHGSECAUD QAUDCTL(*ALL) QAUDLVL(*ALL)
To specify which actions are to be logged into the audit journal for all the users on the system, you need to set the audit level to the
QAUDLVL
system value using the
WRKSYSVAL
command.
If you want to set action and object auditing for specific users, use the
CHGUSRAUD
command.
You can also set object auditing for specific objects as per your requirement, using the
CHGOBJAUD
and
CHGDLOAUD
commands.
Setting the
QAUDENDACN
system value helps you determine the systems action when it is unable to write an entry to the audit journal.
With the
QAUDFRCLVL
system value parameters, you can control the transfer of audit records from memory to auxiliary storage.
To start auditing set the
QAUDCTL
system value to any value other than
*NONE.
Once this security auditing set up is completed, EventLog Analyzer will automatically fetch the logs collected in the journal receiver of the AS400/iSeries device that is added for monitoring. If the AS400/iSeries machine is not added to EventLog Analyzer server, add the device to begin collecting its logs.