Step 1: Syslog server configuration
To configure a Syslog Server for traffic events, navigate to
Configuration > ASA Firepower Configuration > Policies > Actions Alerts
and click the
Create Alert
drop-down menu and choose option
Create Syslog Alert.
For web interfaces, navigate to
Policies > Actions Alerts.
Enter the values for the Syslog server.
Name:
Specify the name which uniquely identifies the Syslog server.
Host:
Specify the IP address/hostname of Syslog server.
Port:
Specify the port number of Syslog server.
Facility:
Select any facility that is configured on your Syslog server.
Severity:
Select any Severity that is configured on your Syslog server.
Tag:
Specify tag name that you want to appear with the Syslog message.
Step 2: Enable external logging for Connection Events
Connection Events are generated when traffic hits an access rule with logging enabled. In order to enable the external logging for connection events, navigate to
ASDM Configuration > ASA Firepower Configuration > Policies > Access Control Policy
. For web interfaces, navigate to
Policies > Access Control Policy
. Edit the
access rule
and navigate to
logging
option.
Select the logging option either
log at Beginning and End of Connection
or
log at End of Connection
. Navigate to
Send Connection Events to
option and specify where to send events.
In order to send events to an external Syslog server, select
Syslog
, and then select a Syslog alert response from the drop-down list. Optionally, you can add a Syslog alert response by clicking the add icon.
Step 3: Enable external logging for Intrusion Events
Intrusion events are generated when a signature (snort rules) matches some malicious traffic. In order to enable the external logging for intrusion events, navigate to
ASDM Configuration > ASA Firepower Configuration > Policies > Intrusion Policy > Intrusion Policy
. For web interfaces, navigate to
Policies > Intrusion Policy > Intrusion Policy
. Either create a new Intrusion policy or edit an existing one. Navigate to
Advanced Setting > External Responses
.
In order to send intrusion events to an external Syslog server, select option
Enabled
in
Syslog
Alerting
then click the
Edit
option.
Logging Host:
Specify the IP address/hostname of Syslog server.
Facility:
Select any facility that is configured on your Syslog server.
Severity:
Select any Severity that is configured on your Syslog server.
Note
From Version 6.3 and above, make sure to enable timestamping in the RFC 5242 format in
Firepower Threat Defense
for collecting syslogs along with their timestamps.
To forward audit logs from
Cisco Secure Firewall Management Center
(formerly Firepower Management Center) to EventLog Analyzer, please follow the steps
here
.