In this page
Overview
Device Addition sync settings
Overview
Log360 allows two-way synchronization of device data with its identity threat detection and response component, ADAudit Plus. This section explains how to enable or disable the addition sync settings, helping you control whether devices are synced from ADAudit Plus to Log360 and vice versa, based on your configuration needs.
NOTE
Device Auto Allocation is supported only for Windows instances and not for Linux environments.
Enable/disable sync settings
NOTE:
This function is available
only
to the users who have integrated their ADAudit Plus to their Log360 console.
This settings will help you control the regular synchronization of device(s) data between ADAudit Plus and Log360.
Steps to enable device addition sync settings
In Log360 console, navigate to the
Settings
tab and click on
Devices
.
Image 1: Device auto allocation
You will be taken to the
Device Management
module. Click on the
Sync Settings
button.
Image 2: Sync settings in device allocation in the product console
The
Sync Settings
popup will appear like the below.
Image 3: ADAudit Plus Sync settings in device allocation in the product console
Click on:
Enable Sync From ADAudit Plus
checkbox: To sync the devices from ADAudit Plus to Log360. If it's not selected, then the device will not sync to Log360 which is integrated with ADAudit Plus.
Enable Sync To ADAudit Plus
checkbox: To sync the devices from Log360 to ADAudit Plus. If it's not selected, then the device will not sync to ADAudit Plus which is integrated with Log360.
In case you wish to enable the sync, ensure that the checkbox is ticked. In case you wish the sync to be disabled, ensure that the checkbox is empty.
Once you have made the necessary settings, click on the
Apply
button to save your configuration.
Upon successful completion of the action, the below pop-up appears.
NOTE
Only Device addition will sync inbetween products. enable and disable actions will not sync. On Deletion, it will ask in deletion popup weather to sync the delete to other product or not. For more information about deletion sync
refer this
.
Read also
This document explained how to configure sync settings between the product console and ADAudit Plus. For related configuration and device management topics, refer to:
What is Device auto allocation?
Configuring auto allocation