In this page
Highlights of Rule Library
Architecture
Log360 Cloud's
Rule Library
is a centralized, cloud-delivered repository of security threat detection rules. It is designed to enhance Log360 Cloud's ability to identify potential security threats. The rules within Log360 Cloud's Rule Library are primarily based on two standards:
MITRE ATT&CK® framework: The rules are directly mapped to tactics and techniques used by adversaries, allowing security teams to understand the context of an attack and anticipate the attacker's next move.
Sigma rules: These are generic, open-source yet credible rules written in standardized format converted to Log360 Cloud's query structure.
By leveraging a cloud-delivered rule library, security teams can receive up-to-date detection logic automatically without having to write or manually update every rule, thus staying ahead of emerging threats.
Highlights of Log360 Cloud's Rule Library:
Over 2,000 predefined threat detection rules to spot insider threat, external threats, malware, APTs and more.
Rules are categorized based on the log sources they are associated with for easier implementation.
Rules are also mapped to relevant MITRE ATT&CK® threat modelling framework.
Option to automatically install new threat detection rules based on your security policies. This helps your system stay updated with the latest threat detection rules as they are released, improving protection against new threats and attacks.
Architecture
The cloud delivered system of Log360 Cloud, hosts the detection rules uploaded by ManageEngine. The rules are then delivered to the Log360 Cloud server.
Please note that the Log360 Cloud server should have an active internet connection for uninterrupted update of the detection rules.
Once the rules are updated, the Available Rules tab in the solution's console lets you install and configure them.
Our solution also provides auto-installation option which updates the rules in your environment as the rule gets pushed to the Rule Library by ManageEngine team.
This guide explores how you can selectively install rules or configure auto-updates of rules.
Understanding Rule Library
In the
central view
of the Rule Library, rule attributes are displayed in a table. Columns represent different fields, and additional columns can be added or removed to customize the view. The Rule Library is divided into two tabs:
Available Rules
and
Installed Rules
.
Key aspects of the Rule Library include:
MITRE ATT&CK® Mapping
: Each rule is aligned with tactics and techniques from the MITRE ATT&CK® framework, offering better visibility into adversarial behaviors.
Severity classification
: Rules are assigned severity levels to help users prioritize detections and response actions effectively.
Common components:
These components are present in both the
Available Rules
and
Installed Rules
tabs.
Rule Name
The name of the rule for identification.
Severity
Shows the rule's criticality level, such as Attention, Critical, or Trouble.
MITRE ATT&CK® Mapping
Displays the associated MITRE ATT&CK® tactic and techniques.
Tags
Lists related tags such as data source and data component associated with the rule.
Rule Type
Specifies whether the rule is Standard, Anomaly, or Advanced.
Created Time
The date and time when the rule was first added.
Last Modified Time
The date and time when the rule was last modified.
Description
Provides a detailed summary of what the rule detects, including its purpose.
Components specific to the Installed Rules table
Field
Details
Execution Interval
Defines how criteria matching occurs.
Continuous
: Matches incoming logs and raises detection directly if they match.
Intelligent
: Runs the criteria on indexed logs and raises detection if matched from indexed logs.
Created By
Indicates the source of the rule. In this case, all rules are created by Log360 Cloud.
Read also
This page introduced the Rule Library, its role in enhancing threat detection and architecture. To learn how to manage and configure these rules in your environment, refer to:
Installing Rules
Configuring Auto-Install Settings